I just signed my lease and was accepted! Big thanks to Shiloh for giving me an amazing tour, she answered any and all questions I had including helping me fill out my application, and Armiena for helping me when I was having some issues with the approval! From what I can tell, 5025 really cares about its residents and I've had some amazing support from the staff, beyond my expectations. The process took 2 days, so quick and if you have any issues or questions the staff get back to you quickly! I was worried when an issue came up about my lease but Armiena was an absolute angel and saved the day.

My awful experience with 5025 started off before I moved in. They had to resend my lease twice before they corrected the information. Thankfully I made sure to check it before signing. When I get to my studio I notice that the apartment wasn't actually cleaned. I would think they would double check the apartments and clean them before the next people moving in. As far as maintenance, they don't have a real maintenance team just college kids. I sent in a request for my stovetop to get fixed and they came twice and never solved the issue. Same thing happened because my window wouldn't open so I requested maintenance and they didn't fix it. Overall decent experience because I never had a bug issue here but wish staff was more helpful.

One thing I really appreciate is how the staff organizes events for residents. Events like wine nights and charm bracelet making have been a lot of fun. They create a great opportunity to build a community and meet new friends.

There are no lights on the upper level of their residential parking structure. So for students that arrive at night its a complete safety concern because it pitch black.
Ive called management 4 times to complain and spoke with one of the managers on the 3rd call. Her name is Rheanna and she said she would get back to me by end of the week. Never heard from her. I had to call again to get a status which she had the receptionist tell me that this is a "project " that was handed over to their maintenance team and could not give me a date of completion.

This is unacceptable. Having No lights is a safety compliance violation and a liability, hence, It should be a priority and addressed asap. Student could fall or get hurt in other ways. The lights have been out ever since my daughter moved in 3 months ago!

If money is your only concern, sure this place is cheap, and has a shuttle that goes to campus for free.
Other than that, everything is always broken. Moving into my apartment it was absolutely disgusting and we had to struggle to get cleaners inside. They seperated my roomates and I on move in day with zero explanation despite us signing our leases together and being confirmed as roommates the day before. Also had to struggle with management to get that fixed.
Water damage all across my apartment. Maintenance orders are frequent and take AGES to complete, if they ever get to them. I have friends and neighbors who simply don't have a/c because 5025 they wont fix their units.
My dryer has been burning holes in and snagging clothing, has ruined pairs of shorts and shirts that they have 'fixed' according to my work order.
My front door has a digital lock, (a code you punch in instead of a physical key) and we were not given access to this code for weeks. We kept getting sent new temporary codes that would expire a random night without our knowledge (resulting in us being locked out multiple nights in a row due to no code and the office being closed) meaning we either had to, risk being locked out, or leave the apartment unlocked all day/night.
The shuttle drivers are extremely rude and impatient, which I understand to an extent, but I've seen them everyday constantly honking at and yelling at pedestrians.
The free printer has been out of order the last few times I've attempted to use it, making me go to school and pay for printing.
The new coffee bar has been out of coffee since the first week it opened.
The gym is falling apart with old crappy equipment. Every single elevator on the property has expired inspections, by at least a year.
The entire place smells weird.
You have to pay to receive packages??
Also the wifi is awful. In building 2 there is hardly any connection and in order to make any calls people have to leave the building to maintain connection. There is hardly any cell reception here as well so you're left with no options. In building 3 it is better but still widely inconsistent, which is super helpful when you're trying to do homework or study.
Again, if your only concern is price, not unlivable, but if you have an extra hundred bucks a month, do not live here.

I DO NOT recommend living here if you are going to be in a shared bedroom. There are two units that offer a shared bedroom, one is big and spacious the other one is SMALL. They choose at random who gets the bigger room and who gets the smaller room. It is VERY misleading when they show the rooms because they show it with a single bed in so you are deceived into thinking it's bigger than it actually is.

DO NOT LIVE HERE

The janitorial staff are SO kind, I always see them around and have a quick chat. They are so very nice. The kind bus drivers are also one of the only things I like about this place. The front desk staff is nice as well but it seems they do not know much about anything.
Like many other college apartments the fire alarms go off every five minutes and are piercing.
If you plan on having your car here be prepared to have your spot parked in a lot and have to call a towing company that takes 40 minutes to get here every time.

Where do I even start. They are scammers. I lived here for 2 years and had many issues, having maintenance workers just walk in on us, some as registered sex offenders and traffickers, dirty everywhere (hallways, stairwells, apt before move in). So many more things. And now after being moved out they owe my deposit fees back which is around $1,800 that is has now been months of calling and emails with no response or money.

Plus they have events that they tell you to write a review to get a donut or whatever they have

I saw the old yelp page has this place shut down. Probably due to their bad reviews. The apartments here were so bad, 10 years later I'm coming back to make sure people don't rent here.

Look up their old yelp review. Nothing has changed in those 10 years.

DO NOT DO NOT DO NOT LIVE HERE. When I decided to move in, I ignored the terrible reviews because I was thinking that the people writing them just wanted to complain and it can't be that bad, now I wish I would have listened to them. The building itself is falling apart. It is not regularly cleaned or maintained- the hallways, gym and other shared spaces are DISGUSTING. Things are constantly breaking down (elevators, gate for parking garage, scanners to get through doors) and they go months without being fixed. My unit has had a broken AC unit for 5 months and we have contacted the leasing office and maintenance numerous times in that period of time and they still haven't helped us. They make us feel like we're bothering them by submitting maintenance requests even though they literally won't fix the issue. It also doesn't help that there has been probably 4 new community managers during the short time that I've lived here so we have to re-explain the issue to each new one. The leasing office has HORRIBLE communication and does not care at all about the tenants. This place IS NOT worth the slightly cheaper rent. I can't wait to move out because I'm going crazy, DO NOT LIVE HERE

I cannot speak to the quality of the apartments as my daughter came down with a serious medical condition which prevented her from moving in/attend school this semester. I am however speaking to the companies complete lack of timely responses, ignorance of the law and failure to comply with CA law regarding lease terminations. I strongly urge caution before signing with this company.

Hahahahahaha! It's so hilarious that their reviews were so bad, they had to "close" their other Yelp page and make a new one. LOL!

These people PREY on young students and purposefully overcharge. Also sent me to collections for apparently missing a month of rent. Showed proof of monthly payments for every month. They said they'd take care of it. Of course these incompetent idiots did not handle it. Fortunately, I was not one of those young students they prey upon. So I had to get a lawyer and work with the Consumer Finanical Protection Bureau to get things right. This made them pucker their assholes and rectify the problemm fairly quickly. I write this to tell you what to do to save your time because dealing with the employees directly will get you nowhere.

Had lived here for a little over 2 years, found out about this place a few years back from friends that use to live here. The halls of building 3 still look as unkept as when I came visit in 2017. When I first moved in, in April 2021, someone had vomited in the hall and one of my roommates at the time put in a maintenance request but they closed the request without taking care of it yet I see them every other week mopping the floors of building 2. During move out in July 2021 someone spilled laundry detergent in the hall by a pool entrance, the stain is still there, anyone exiting the pool can still slip. People keep peeing in the stairwells and hallways.
During my last lease year I had to leave because we had experienced TWO floods. The first time they moved us into any open rooms similar to the ones we were paying for in different units which was fine but also uncomfortable because we didn't know how long we'd be at those units for and the people already living there made, at least me and one other roommate, feel like a burden. During that time though I would go in and out the flooded unit and noticed the Servpro workers never opened any of the windows to help ventilate the moisture but they had fans lmao. Once we were hit with our SECOND flood (due to a pipe bursting three stories above) they couldn't find any rooms for everyone since 3 units were effected, they never once offered to reduce our rent and when we asked they were fussy about it and when we'd check in about progress the leasing office workers were very super rude and acted like we're a nuisance, they just didn't bother to try to understand why we're upset or place themselves in our shoes. One of our roommates luckily had worked for the the leasing office and would ask her managers for updates so that's when we found out after a month or two that they hadn't started anything on the unit that was filled with mold (probably from the previous flood that wasn't dried out properly) because their insurance was taking forever to approve them to pay Servpro to start work. They ended up moving everyone from my unit into one of their viewing units but by that time I decided to find someone to take over my lease and moved out December 2022.


Aside from the leasing office not being entirely the best, I will say I did enjoy their events they hosted and that they at least had security and package lockers. Their gym had a lot of missing equipment but you oddly expect that living in a college community lol. I lived on the first floor of building 3 which was right next to the pool, noise really wasn't that bad and if it was security would either tell people to lower it or leave if it was past pool hours.

Ohh I also had a major medical emergency that occurred while in the garage and we couldn't dial 911, my friends had to walk away from me basically dying and security at that time was absolutely NOT helpful they just stood there watching and never once helped to call 911. My friends also had to shout at other residents to call for us and to do it OUTSIDE the garage.
I also think they need security cameras in the garage because there were a good amount of accidents that would occur because, huge surprise, college students love to speed up and down the garage also neglecting that people are waking to their cars or back home.

Also if the security guard is always walking idk how car break ins were so prevalent in a gated/locked parking garage.

Oh and if you're a parent trying to set your kid up to live here, just know that if they experience any issues like I did you'll have to be the one to speak to the leasing office as they don't take any of the college students (WHICH ARE ADULTS THEMSELVES) seriously. I think they understand that many of them have their parents paying their rent so they fully dismiss the students or people living there bring up any concerns. And half of their security cameras do not work btw.

Parents if you love your children and you want them to have a healthy, clean, & safe place do NOT let them anywhere near this complex...

Do not be fooled by the salespeople at first. The pictures on the outside look very nice and the unit they take you to is all part of the pitch.

This place is ran mainly by college students looking to make a few extra bucks.

I developed respiratory issues while living here due to maintenance not placing an air filter properly in my bedroom. I was also put on medication for chronic insomnia due to a faulty fire alarm that went off in the middle of the night (2am-4am) for OVER two months right near my bedroom.

The staff even seemed annoyed when I tried over and over to ask them to fix the issue acting as if I was entitled to good sleep....

I had a maggot infestation in my room, kitchen, and even found one in my retainer case for me teeth.

The elevators reek of piss and throw up from the previous nights party.

Dishwasher and sinks back up leaking an unpleasant odor. And many more...

I have lived all over the country and I can confidently say this is the worst place I have ever lived.

The amount of rent is not the true amount. There are all kinds of junk fees added to the monthly rent well over $100 worth. Management completely unresponsive to maintenance requests including quality of life things like air conditioning. Roaches......Need I say more?

I just moved my son into 5025 Apartments on Wednesday for his junior year at SDSU. I would like to take this opportunity to express just how impressed I was with the students and staff who were incredibly efficient and helpful on this chaotic day. Waters and popsicles were handed out in the heat of the day all with smiles. A huge shout out to Louis and Reyna for guiding me through the process of getting my son a parking spot at the complex. Thank you for your hard work commitment and making this a smooth transition it has not gone unnoticed and is appreciated.

I'd rate them a zero if I could. Courtesy of my husband..."I tried to work with 5025 Apartments but at this point I can no longer stay quiet about this situation. The conditions at 5025 apartments, located near the SDSU campus, are a mess to say the least. The common areas are ALWAYS dirty and it's honestly embarrassing how long they leave things like trash and spills unattended. When things break they make an effort to repair it but the maintenance crew either screws it up more or doesn't touch it at all. My wife has had multiple floods from incorrectly installed "repairs" of the dishwasher and washer/dryer unit and the ac/heating system after they broke, causing all kinds of issues, including water damage to her property and the "wood flooring". Not to mention she was without air conditioning during the hottest months of last year because of their failure to respond to her maintenance request. Now, the unit still doesn't work properly and she is without heat. It's beyond frustrating to pay rent for this level of neglect. Speaking of neglect, the front office and property manager are both complete jokes. They are disrespectful and not knowledgeable. Want to talk to them? Well might as well feel like you're talking to a wall. They seem to strive in not helping their renters in any way past the basic necessities to cover their asses legally. Even that could be questionable. This is anything but a place for a student to live. There seems to be a constant flow of ambulances and firetrucks weekly in and out of the complex. "Security" on their payroll spends their time watching videos on their phones and screaming over phone calls. On multiple occasions they have been observed relaxing on the couches in the common areas of the complex. They are not attentive to the surroundings of the complex. For all it's worth, I could go on and on but I will just let their google reviews speak for themselves at this point. I don't want my wife to live in these horrible conditions anymore. They will probably respond to this review with a "vague" and "apologetic" response claiming they will address these concerns, but that is far from the truth. I wouldn't believe another word that comes out of their money hungry, dishonest, and manipulative mouths and neither should you. Let her out 5025!"
#5025apartments #sandiegorealestate #sandiegocounty #enviromentalprotection

My daughter has been living here for 5 years now, and first moved in when she was only 18. It is a great starter apartment. Friendly staff, they make it easy for your child to get settled and help them learn responsibility. Parents if you're worried about sending your child off, this is the place to send them to. Safe area, close to campus, shuttle offered so they don't have to drive, amenities included, affordable rent for being in San Diego. They also do resident events, which helps them socialize with others. Highly recommend, the best complex compared to neighboring student ones.

The overweight bus driver with awful facial hair is one of the worst humans i have ever met. So rude to the residents and constantly driving crazy honking at everyone in the road. The complex needs to give him a week off to go to a mental health clinic honestly.

Lovely apartments. They're clean and close to SDSU campus. Management is kind and but it is definitely run by young people. Subleasing is best because it can be kind of a mixed bag of which apartment you get if it's nice or not.

**Look up "Cardinal Group Companies" they own this complex, read the reviews they speak for themselves**

If you want to live at 5025 Collwood Apartments be prepared to have your vehicle vandalized, live with no hot water or AC, and no help whatsoever from the management.

Living at 5025 Apartments has been an extremely disappointing experience. My vehicle was vandalized in the gated property-owned garage downstairs with plenty of security cameras around it which recorded the act of vandalism, and when I reported it, management's response was shocking--they emailed me saying it was "not their problem." It's unbelievable that they don't take any responsibility for ensuring a safe environment for their residents. The management had the incident on camera and I had a police report, yet nothing has been done at all, they essentially said "sorry we can't help you".

On top of this, the maintenance is painfully slow. I had to wait three weeks just to get warm water, and every repair takes weeks to be addressed. The apartment was in awful shape when I moved in--mold by the sink, dirty carpets, and an overall lack of cleanliness made it clear that they don't care about providing a decent living space for new tenants. I also was without AC during the summer for 2 and a half weeks. I had to buy 2 AC units to keep the room at a reasonable temperature.

I advise against moving into 5025 Apartments. The lack of accountability, terrible maintenance, and dismissive attitude toward tenants' concerns make this place a nightmare to deal with.

Update after apt reply on google:

The management wanted to appear to the public eye as they cared, but in fact they further confirmed their ignorance in making 5025 Collwood unsafe and unleavable for the tenants. When I reached out to their "caring response" I was told once again that they already discussed all problems with me and are staying by their position that they will do absolutely nothing.

Their response on Google was an attempt to fix their reputation. Do not believe them. They did absolutely nothing. So again, feel free to move to 5025 Collwood, if you do not need consistent hot water, are ready to live without AC during July and August, are very comfortable having mold infestation below your sink, and enjoy your vehicle being vandalized in the property gated garage.

Harlo from the leasing office is amazing and very impressionable. I've been living here for about a 8 months now and she was the one that helped me with my lease documents moving in during August. She's very kind professional and knowledgeable. Any questions I had she assured me with answers or the right resource to go to. I really appreciate her help!

I finally moved out of this nightmare of an apartment. I am so much better for it. There was just too many issues poor management as well as bad living conditions. When I moved out, I deep cleaned my entire apartment. I even left it better than when I moved in. Especially since my unit wasn't even clean when I moved in and had a damage couch. The only thing that was damaged upon me moving out was the blinds because they were super cheap and break extremely easily. I made a review earlier about how I came back from a funeral out of state to my bathroom sink being completely gutted and removed with a new countertop. They were adamant that they notified me, but I couldn't find any notification. Anyways, when removing the old countertop it left damage. It ripped off some of the paint as the new counter was lower than the previous one. On the inspection form for move out they noted that I "damaged the counter". It mentioned that there would be a new paint job to touch up the damages left. I tried to call the front office six times with no answer. I'm just going to take the loss since I'm finally free. I know this place can be affordable and it's hard for college kids to find Housing near school that's affordable. But let me tell you, you will definitely be paying your rent emotional damage as well. If you're a parent reading this, please do not put your children at this complex. There are better options that will provide a safer living situation. There was even a maintenance man who also went to a local university who stalked me. On top of the psycho neighbor that would scream at night. Which I found out from another residence that they're mentally unwell and a drug dealer (supposedly, and they said that they were their roommate). If you look at one of my past reviews, you could also note that there was another resident living in building three who broke and vandalize the elevator, while screaming, how much he hated everybody, I was terrified for my safety. Final warning do not be misled by their positive reviews. Those reviews are faked and bribed. The complex will send out multiple emails for raffles for anyone if they make a review for 5025.

Lived here for 3 years. Nice affordable. Whenever I had issues maintenance was able to fix it.

I WOULD GIVE ZERO STARS!

5025. What can I say? This was hands-down the worst apartment I've ever lived in. The management is horrible. The facilities are infested with mold and spiders.

My girlfriend's car got stolen out of the gated parking garage and they refused to help her or take any responsibility. Luckily it was recovered. No thanks to the apartment management.

For the final month of my lease, I wasn't even able to live in my unit. The reason? There was mold in the water heater and AC. Maintenance took over a month to resolve the issue and it is still not even remotely livable.

Overall, my experience at this apartment complex has nothing short of disappointing. Management should be ashamed and SDSU should rescind their right to lease to students.

This complex is the most inept and worst run of any complex near SDSU. Since move in occurred in late August, there have been 7 major maintenance issues that were not addressed until we escalated the issue to their corporate office, Cardinal Group, in Denver, Colorado.

The onsite manager does not accept phone calls and shows up onsite only when he is instructed to do by his boss and does not respond at all to requests. He is inexperienced and is in way over his head for a large complex that has many issues and many irate residents and parents.

The burden of fielding the many maintenance requests that occur at this property typically falls to a student worker at the front desk, who although polite and friendly are not provided the training or authority to address the issues, which are left to a distant and unresponsive property manager. Of the seven issues, it took a total of 12 emails and several phone calls to have 6 resolved and we are still waiting for over 2 months for the last issue to fix a broken dishwasher which leaks all over the floor.

I agree with Cooper that if you happen to have a student residing here, don't let them renew with such an incompetent staff.

Run from this place,

Pete T.

The staff has been so unhelpful in my time here at Fifty Twenty Five. Don't live here unless you want 20 year olds who have no idea what they're doing running the place. You can never get a straight answer from them. This has been a really bad experience for me so save yourself the stress and don't sign a lease here.

5025 always has free events that all guests are welcome to. They're always really fun! I really enjoyed the flower bouquet event

I'd do anything but choose to live here ever again. If you need a place with similar prices, The Rive, or the houses near 55th is much better. I've had my car broken into multiple times because they deny me parking, regardless of the extensive space they have in the garage. Because if this, my car was also totaled leaving me with no transportation. You are also assigned a spot. We've been given multiple violations however our requests to fix anything have been brushed over or 'handled' the. Our AC unit absolutely FLOODS our floor if left on for a day. Literally leaving a pool of water. The hallways are never cleaned. The app they use to unlock doors doesn't work half the time. We've caught multiple mice/rats and when brought to their attention, they have an exterminator come by to look and leave. Regardless if we are here or not. We've left many times to replace our locks to no avail. I beg you, do not scam yourself into living here.

Here's my 5-day experience with 5025. This happened in 2020, but this situation will always be traumatic for me.

In July of 2020, I moved into 5025. A mutual friend subleased "his room" to me. At the time, as a young and uneducated student moving to get out of an unsafe situation, I had no idea that this was illegal.

5 days later, last minute I decide to come home a little earlier than planned after working a long work day. Outside of the apartment I saw 5025 employees loading black trash backs which contained all of my personal belongings-- Personal identification documents, money, electronics, prescription health medications, sentimental items, EVERYTHING--into a large bin ready to go to the dumpster. Had I not returned from work at that time (I happened to be returning early that day) I would've came "home" to an empty room, years and moneys worth of belongings, gone.

It was pretty harsh and inhumane. At the time I was in shock and had no idea what was happening. I was in tears asking if i could just stay for a night because i had nowhere to stay. They told me to go to the homeless shelter. I carried down all of the trash bags to my car in tears. Slept in my car for the night.

I understand now that it wasn't legal through the lease terms of 5025, but again at the time I was a young, naive woman escaping a bad situation and jsut needed a place to stay. The way I was evicted was incredibly inhumane. Years and thousands of dollars of belongings about to be thrown away. On top of that the building was absolutely disgusting. Stay AWAY from this place.

Sublet here just for the summer and I'm glad i'm not living here full-time after the summer is over. Looks nice at a glance but quickly began to see the flaws.

-Staff is rude and unhelpful. One of the shuttle drivers is consistently unnecessarily rude and speaks down to riders. The complex forces u to sign up for a monthly subscription for a package receiving service. If you don't sign up, they literally take your packages from the mail room, hold them behind the desk and refuse to give them back, and instead return them to the sender. The front desk staff is run entirely by 18-25 year olds who seem to neither care nor know what is going on.

-Security is horrible: your car WILL get broken into if it is parked anywhere in the area and non residents regularly and easily get in the building. Last night a man was wandering around our hall knocking on doors to beg for money!

-The complex is dirty- the trash chute is regularly broken so trash is piled up in the chute room and the hallway smells like hot garbage. Someone dropped a bottle of champagne in our hallway and the broken glass sat there for several days. The sticky spot left from the champagne is still there right now. Bugs, roaches and spiders in all the rooms.

-Beware the gym: there are no actual wet wipes nor hand sanitizer for equipment anywhere so be cautious of ringworm.

Please rent anywhere else but here for the 23/24 school year.

At first my main complaint was only the residents who moved into this space. Sure the management can't necessarily control the behaviors of the residents here. BUT, they can and should enforce the policies they've set and refer to the security cameras put up in the hallways.

The pictures I've attached are emails I've sent to management to address the issues of residents leaving poop in the halls, by my car, and noise violations. I wouldn't be so upset if they never had any policies in the first place. But since they do, it's a disappointment and a lie to residents to not enforce them.

This place is ridiculous. I pay $1600 a month to live in this terrible place. What a waste.

most horrible apartments i have ever experienced. we had cockroach issues, broken water, uninstalled washer/dryer, missing kitchen drawers, and more. management is college aged and snarky, probably because the main office never responds. i was locked out of my room after my roommate moved out by staff who came in to "check."

Great place to live. My son is a transfer to SDSU and loves it. The apartment is really nice, clean and the staff are really friendly and helpful. They are always having fun events around the apartments to bring all the residents together. My son renewed his lease for next year he loves it so much.

Great place very reasonable prices rent for college students. Has many free amenities as well.

Leasing office staff were incredibly nice providing a great move in experience.

I unfortunately wasnt able to live there due to medical reasons. But staff was really helpful in understanding my situation so they recommended me to find a replacement to take over my lease.

I found a replacement to take it over several days after my move in date. The lease we signed said that the replacement resident is taking over 12 payments totaling $18k from August 19th-July31st. The relet even said he takes over from the 19th of August.

YET SOMEHOW when I offered to be responsible for the days I occupied the lease which was 4 days, they charged me for the ENTIRE month of August??? And said that I told them it's okay via a phone call? As if that's detailed and proof enough to charge a person $1.4 thousand dollars without clarification. Especially when the lease relet contradicts that premise!!!

Oh and if that wasnt bad enough on the lease they formatted it so the relet fee was with the application fee and rent and MOVE IN CHARGES! So it clearly looked like the replacement resident would have to be paying for that but actually they charged me!

It doesnt make sense that the replacement resident gets free rent for a month plus the relet fee waived.

The only reason I can come up with logically was they dont like arabs, and that I was annoying them with phone calls and they keep refusing to refund me the Augusts rent when I only had possession of the lease for 4 days!! When I did NOT authorize $1414 of my rent to be handed out for free!!! Just because I offered to pay the rent for August 19th until whenever my lease was up they charged me the full amount!

Would rate 0 stars if possible, do NOT live here. They will give you a tour of the new buildings but beware that's not at all what the rest of the buildings looked like. Our washer smelled like mold for the first 6 months we lived here and the refused to fix it. Everything is dirty, from the parking garage to the broken glass covered walkways, to the wheelbarrow full of trash that they left in the stairwell for about 2 months. None of the grills have propane in them, the morning bus driver goes out of his way to ruin yours, and the front desk staff is woefully incompetent. If you come to them with a complaint they will pretend they are doing something about it on their phone but won't actually do anything and your complaint will go unresolved. The maintenance people "fixed" our hot water heater and forgot to turn the gas back on and we had to wait multiple days for it to be turned on. The shuttle that is part of the amenities that you pay for breaks down constantly and you're never alerted by anyone until you're already late for class. There was a maintenance power outage that the city was conducting and nobody who works for the apartment thought to tell any of the residents (they tried to play it off as an emergency power outage despite it being planned on the city website). There is no clear building manager, and if you ask for one they won't write back. Live at the Rive if you can, 5025 is a hellish experience I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy.

My experience living at 5025 started off pretty poorly. On move in day, we had to wait in line for 3 hours in the hot sun in order to get our keys. When I moved into my room, it (or the rest of the unit) had not been cleaned. My carpet had dirt, food, and trash on it, the bathroom was filthy, our washer was filled with mold, etc. Since moving in, I have been dealing with horrible respiratory issues that are most likely due to improper air filtration systems or possibly even mold lurking in places I cannot see. If you are a college student looking for a cheap place to live near campus, 5025 is great. Relatively affordable, and they throw events pretty frequently. However, if you are looking for a clean place with respectable amenities....look elsewhere

Avoid this place. Tragically, my roommate was brutally murdered here, and the management callously neglected to assist his grieving parents. The staff's insolence and ignorance add to the distress.

They only have some good reviews because they do stuff like this. Don't let them fool you.

Very nice apartments! Maintenance requests are quickly responded to which is very nice! And the shuttles to campus!
I'm very happy here and recently renewed my lease.

If I could give 0 stars I would. This place is so nasty. Rob and Sarah and the two idiot girls that work at the front desk make everybody's lives miserable. They all have the worst attitudes and share the same 3 brain cells. They will lie to you just so you don't get upset with them. I could go on and on about what they have done but honestly just read the other reviews and you will get the jest of it.

I moved into 5025 in August, and so far, I love it here. Amenities are great, especially the 24-hour gym that I've never seen packed. Our apartment was pretty nice moving in, and if there's ever any issues, maintenance requests usually get taken care of very fast. I don't really have any complaints for this apartment!! It's been great so far!!

**Update: See below photos of the filthy apartment upon move in. "Professional cleaners" leave an apartment in this condition for someone to move into? Also this keeps getting "new management" so they can have all the negative reviews removed from sites like this. There was over 100 negative reviews exposing them. Don't fall for the lies. Once you sign the lease, you can't buy your way out. Also, they TOWED MY CAR FROM MY ASSIGNED PARKING SPOT AT 2 AM (I had my parking sticker on windshield like I was supposed to). To get the car back I had to pay $170. This place is so awful I have ptsd just thinking about it. Thank god my lease finally ended.**

DO NOT SIGN HERE. This place will show you a model apartment because they claim all there units are full. The reason they do not show the actual apartment unit is because they are all trashed. FIFTY TWENTY FIVE DOES NOT CLEAN THE UNIT BEFORE THE NEXT PERSON MOVES IN. My apartment was beyond filthy upon move in. There are bugs EVERYWHERE. The apartment will make up excuses to enter your apartment each month (there's no way to schedule these and they will just enter). Since moving here last August, they have entered my apartment to do "preventative maintenance", redo the counter tops, replace a lot of stuff they should have done 10 years ago. This place deserves 0 stars. I was counting down the days to move out since I received the keys.

DO NOT SIGN HERE. This place will show you a model apartment because they claim all there units are full. The reason they do not show the actual apartment unit is because they are all trashed. FIFTY TWENTY FIVE DOES NOT CLEAN THE UNIT BEFORE THE NEXT PERSON MOVES IN. My apartment was beyond filthy upon move in. There are bugs EVERYWHERE. The apartment will make up excuses to enter your apartment each month (there's no way to schedule these and they will just enter). Since moving here last August, they have entered my apartment to do "preventative maintenance", redo the counter tops, replace a lot of stuff they should have done 10 years ago. This place deserves 0 stars. I was counting down the days to move out since I received the keys. Also interesting how they keep managing to delete all the negative reviews each year.

Staff here are really friendly but this place really sucked.
1. Water heater doesn't work for almost two years. They kept telling us they'll fix it or it's fixed but the hot water only last for a min and it's burning hot. Only until recently we found out that we have to put our A/C to heat for the water heater to work.
2. Some staffs aren't respectful of personal space. I was sick in bed when they had a room inspection. The first guy came in and noticed me under the blanket since I said hi. The second guy walked in without noticing me and said "oh she's not here just go pee in her bathroom" I am okay with maintenance using my bathroom if they ask but the way it was worded scares me. I can't imagine what they would do when we're not there during an inspection
3. Charged me $65 from my deposit for damaged keys and wouldn't return my call after I move out. I understand that keys can be slightly damaged after using it for two years, except mine are new cuz I recently lost my keys and requested and already paid for the new ones just 2-3 months ago. I wonder how damaged could the keys be. I wanted to call them and ask them for picture evidence and everything but whenever I call the phone just hang up.
Overall just don't live here if you can

Been living here since January and really appreciate all of the amenities, and for the rates they offer, it can be really worth it.

I went back and forth on giving this place a one star review, because I believe reviews should be productive and not hateful. So I've thought long and carefully about what I wanted to write. Also, I still live here and I don't doubt my life will be made harder because of this, but I know renting season is coming up and I cannot morally let anyone rent from here. Also, I've recently discovered that the only way for the workers to get their bonuses is to get 5 star reviews on Yelp or Google Maps and for someone to cite their names. So yeah, that's pretty corrupt. You're combining the hard workers' bonuses to the apartment's reviews? That's f'ed up. Why don't you have a feedback box separate from the apartment's reviews? Anyway, let's get into it.

1. This place is an actual nightmare. Roaches, spiders the size of your finger, fleas, bed bugs, and silver fishes are the bugs I've seen in my apartment within a MONTH of moving in. Usually, I'd give an apartment the benefit of the doubt, but this happened almost IMMEDIATELY after I moved in. The good news is, they bug sprayed it for us without cost. Bad news is, they came back. Again. And again. A spider was on my bed once. Never opened my window again.

2. Oh yeah, the window screens aren't fully on. When I requested them to be fixed, I was told "they don't seal completely".

3. I have a roommate who slammed things, smashed things, in a fit of anger because of something that happened nearly 6 months ago that was resolved in our own roommate meeting (she complained people were using her stuff, when asked what stuff, she mentioned stuff that was used 6 months ago which was some salt and creole seasoning. Nothing has been used since, except for an incident with her bowl being used. This was enough to set her off). She repeatedly threatened my other roommates. But guess what? Apartment can't do anything. They said they have to wait until she actually physically hurts someone. Cool.

4. Vomiting from the rooms above us. Happened for about 3 months before the apartment finally did something. Trash, glass and drug containers being thrown from above. Again, 3 months before they did anything. Also, they THREW LIVING ANIMALS OUT OF THEIR WINDOWS (a parakeet that survived only for a day, and a lizard that died on impact). Again, 3 months before they resolved it.

5. Spiders. Everywhere. Look up at the building walls and see the spider webs.

6. Single Rooms are so small. The double rooms are more than 2x the size.

7. WiFi is literally terrible. They "upgraded" it but it hardly works. If you're a gamer you need an ethernet but I promise you, your FPS won't go above 40.

8. There is absolutely no data in the apartment. I.e., taking phone calls? Sending text messages? Impossible. I've had to tell people to message me on Facebook, but then I'll get messages 1hr or 2hrs late. Holy crap.

9. When I first moved in, I walked from my room to the kitchen (maybe 10 steps), and the bottom of my feet were completely black. They do not clean during apartment rotation.

I do not give one star reviews. Genuinely, but parents, 1st year college students, don't do it. Do not rent from here. I promise you, it'll be worth it to spend maybe $100 more to live somewhere else. People have literally gotten hurt here. Sexual assault. Fights. Your years in college deserve to be better than this place.

Parents, listen up, and listen well. I do not say this lightly, 5025 is one of the WORST POSSIBLE places for a college student to live in across the entirety of San Diego County. This is as close as you can get to, and I hate to say this, sending your kid to the slums.

This is a mega corporation, with hundreds of properties across the US, and unless your kid gets stabbed, they're stuck in this hole until the lease ends. It's dirty, dilapidated, and unsafe. People get trapped in the elevators constantly. Anyone can sneak into the complex, just go check out the door that connects to the stairwell across from the key-fobbed ground floor elevator room. Oh yeah, and when you take their "tour", ask them to show you the ominous, dimly lit hallways in the parking garage. Check out the trash room while you're there. Cars get broken into constantly, and they don't do anything about it. 5025 also partners with a towing company and residents will wake up to discover that their car was towed from its assigned parking spot. There's a quick $400 gone, but no worries, parking is only $70 a month, so that's value.

Now, let me back up, my situation was a bit different than some of the other people living here, but not that different. I had 4 (and an unofficial #5) roommates. Oh yeah, and a German Shepard puppy that they neglected. One was in the Navy, so he was never home. One guy was decent, but enabled the other 2. The others were never not home. One guy shared his part of the double with his off-lease girlfriend, and she may as well have been on the lease with how little management seemed to care.

I don't care (aside from the smell filling my room all day every day) that he was growing and selling 8-10 lbs of weed every other month, but management probably enjoyed smoking it. Makes me wonder why Rob Davis said, "I don't have any legal obligation to guarantee your safety", and then would proceed to have Sarah Wibe from the front desk call my roommates and say, "your roommate just told us about the unregistered dog and the weed"

I did, however, care when my roommate was out of state for a month and he left some random guy with the house-key (not that it mattered, as they threatened to kill me every time I locked the front door) so he could come and water his cannabis plants. I came back and there were a bunch of needles on the kitchen island, apparently used for growing. The other guy was a completely uninhibited, reckless sociopath. Locked himself in my room so he could go through my phone. Would try to pick my lock when I was in the shower. Tried to venmo me $300 to "spend a night" with my bf. Said they'd all mess me up if I said anything about the living situation. Would throw old pots and pans off our 6th floor balcony.
Week 1 of the lease, 9 cops came to our door because the dealer roommate was abusing his live-in girlfriend. Management didn't even know it happened! A few weeks later, I come home and see that the sociopath's flimsy door was broken in half. Cops came that night too, but I never got told why. Sure would be easy for your student's roommates to kick down their door and assault your kid. These doors were CHEAP.

The power breaker is also free-game, and my roommates would threaten to flip the power breaker to my room (in an attempt to short circuit my computer) unless I came out of my room. Banging on my door all hours of the day, I'd be trying to sleep or trying to study and could hear the sounds of stifled breathing as they tried to listen to what I was doing.

One night during finals week, I made the mistake of locking the front door. They banged on the front door, rang the doorbell nearly 500 times in 5 minutes (management has the voice recordings to verify this), unlocked the door, went back outside, then rang the doorbell another 150 times. I tried to ignore it, as I needed to study, and they started blasting music under my door and, not kidding, banging pots and pans outside of my door, telling me to come out and do something about it. All of this was recorded and is on my phone, so don't let 5025's soon-to-be gaslighting yelp response convince you otherwise (every leasing season 5025 pays residents in inedible pizza for 5* Yelp reviews).

Anyways, The sociopath roommate was hiding out of my line of sight while the other roommate tried to lure me out of my room so they could tackle me to the ground. I didn't take the bait, but what would YOUR kid do?

That night I filed, not one, but two police reports, but before I called the cops, I told 5025's security that I was about to call them, and he pretended to write something down, and management never got the memo. Parents, just rest assured knowing that if your student flees to security in an emergency, they're just gonna stand by and allow all those horrible things to happen to your kid. Oh yeah, here are some pictures to show you what the model units don't. Hope all 5 of your kid's roommates are meticulously clean!

Honestly this complex isn't terrible for the price but don't feel fooled by the tour and salespeople at first, there are major issues.

1) Recently their have been a number of issues with the wifi working because of management changing providers, obviously to cut costs at the expense of the residents.

2) The two elevators in building two have broken multiple times in recent weeks, it's a 50 50 chance they work at best. This is incredibly inconvenient for me as I must walk up 7 flights of stairsto my car in the parking garage. On top of this one of the elevators in building 3 reeks of urine and regularly shakes when ascending.

3) Management does not regularly communicate with residents and seems more interesting in throwing events that no one attends instead of fixing actual issues with the complex. Their is a clear disconnect between their knowledge of the complexes issues and the actual issues that exist.

This complex isn't bad for the cheap price considering the expensive area but do not be fooled, these are not luxury apartments.

Hello, I appreciate the apartment a lot but sometimes the maintenance is not coming and didn't fix or try to solve the problem, please come asap! Thank you.

They never answer the phone. Their phone service is horrible and every time it tries to connect to a real person it hangs up. I have tried for weeks multiple times a day to speak to someone and nothing. I have emailed them 2x and have never received a reply. We are currently waiting to move in and now I am 2nd guessing the decision. This is completely unacceptable.

I've been residing here for a year and a half now. This place is a more cost-effective choice compared to many other options, including on-campus housing. I've lived in two different units during my stay, and my initial unit was noticeably better in terms of TV quality, lighting, and appliance condition compared to my current one. While I seldom had to request maintenance assistance initially, this year has seen a higher frequency of such requests due to issues like a leaking ceiling, multiple dishwasher breakdowns, problems with the dryer, and mold concerns. I must say that the maintenance team responds fairly quickly to resolve these issues.

The overall atmosphere here is pleasant, and I often find myself enjoying the pool. The gym, though small, gets the job done, though there are a few pieces of broken equipment that I hope will be replaced soon. However, the most significant concern I've encountered is the parking situation. Last year, I didn't have access to parking, so I had to rely on visitor parking (if I was fortunate enough to find a spot). When the visitor parking lot is full, you're left with no choice but to park on the street. I've even received a $70 ticket for not turning my wheels uphill, and I know several others who have had their cars hit because they were parked on the street.

Overall, it's a good place to live, but I highly recommend securing a parking spot if you can, as it's well worth it. Additionally, carefully choose your roommates.

decent place for the location and price. i honestly would live here again but would push for my bldg & floor prefs. our kitchen light burnt out august 25, and wasnt fixed until third week of october. also had a few things that needed fixing but it took some time for that too. i do like the safety of the area tho, feels very much like a residential community rather than living in the middle of a busy city.

Really convenient place to live and I love there amenities! Safe place as well, it's very close to SDSU campus

Pretty average place to live near SDSU!

The apartment itself isn't the nicest place ever but it is still pretty good! Maintenance is really fast with responding to requests and the staff is pretty knowledgeable! The apartment is a good size and the rooms are decently sized. Each room gets its own bathroom which is a huge plus!

My daughter moved into these apartments in her senior year at SDSU in 2021. She is still currently living there. She loves the location and the shuttle was a plus although sometimes the schedule wasn't always accurate at the time. I love how safe it's been for her. The maintenance team replies back super fast. The apartment is furnished and up to date. I highly recommend these apartments.

PRICES: cheaper than SDSU dorms for sure, but prices have been increasing lately ($1040 for a single in a 6 person apt. has increased to $1150). utilities (wifi, water, etc.) were around 15$ a month, but now its increased by about 3x more. parking is around 70$/month too (which is a pain if you add that to SDSU parking prices).

SHUTTLE: the shuttle is very reliable (7AM-10PM unless a bus driver gets sick or there's an accident) and both bus drivers are chill, but when it's peak hours, the bus gets full very fast. security on the bus is also pretty good because you need a 5025 shuttle pass.

BEDROOMS: the singles in the 6 person apt. is not bad. everyone gets their own bathrooms (doubles have 1 bathroom with 2 sinks) so you don't have to share with strangers. singles are pretty spacious (studios and the shared apts.), but doubles can get pretty crowded as the walkways between the foot of the bed and wall is not very wide. walls are a little thin but that's to be expected. the desk and chair are the most uncomfortable things in the apt. if you sit in them for longer than 30 minutes, you will absolutely develop back and neck problems.

COMMON ROOMS: living room and kitchen is not bad. if you live in the 6 person apt. the kitchen island is extremely low and you have to hunch over when you're prepping food. couches and kitchen island chairs are designed to make sure you don't sit in them. even sitting on the floor is more comfortable.

maintenance answers in a very timely manner and the front desk is responsive also.

**WORST RENTING EXPERIENCE EVER!**
**DO NOT RENT HERE FOR ANY REASON**

Renting from 5025 has been hands down the worst experience I have ever had with a commercial renter. They lie, deceive, and are incredibly rude to their residents. Most of the 5 star reviews on here are encouraged by the management to the younger residents in exchange for incentives, so beware. I will list the following negative experiences I have had with this apartment complex.

I had a one year lease.

- My car was broken while I was parked in the apartment complex parking with security. Staff did nothing and did not assure any safety measures.

-My apartment was incredibly dirty and had mold growing out of the vents which I had to clean myself.

- Parking is an absolutely nightmare. If you are lucky enough to find parking on the street you will most likely be clipped by the on coming traffic or your car will be broken into, crime is terrible in this area. If you park in the apartment complex get ready for very tight parking spaces and people speeding down the exits.

- Fines fines fines!! They will threaten you with fines for anything! I was fined $200 because my room wasn't prepared for an exterminator even though I was only given a 48 hour notice while I was out of town for the week!

- Bugs do and will infest your room, they are everywhere.

- Random inspections! I had random "inspectors" come into my room DURING FINALS WEEK, IN THE MIDDLE OF A FINAL and snooped around for my room for 15 minutes. When I told my concerns to the front office they told me that they had new investors coming and I had to just deal with it. Such an invasion of privacy!!

- The front desk is incredibly unhelpful and unknowledgeable. They are mostly 18-21 year old kids working there for about 3 months at a time. They know little to nothing and usually don't care about anybody your issues. The actual management is close to impossible to get a hold of and will ignore you.

- Good luck getting any sleep, the walls are paper thing and you will hear everything

- The provided tram barley works and is constantly shutting down.

- The entire complex is incredibly dirty and is rarely clean

-Elevators don't work!!

There is much more but I will leave it at that. Please do not rent from here! The management is constantly taking advantage of people due to its close proximity to SDSU and does not care about service, they only care about money. Whatever their response may be to this just know they are known for lying so beware of what they put out. Best to rent somewhere else.

The people are nice and the community is amazing. My few critiques are inconveniences such as the lock updates where you have to unlock via the phone as well as the issues I have had with the electronic lock on my door. The elevator is another issue that is unreliable. Maintenance responds fairly quickly to your issues.

My car was totaled in the parking structure (I was not at fault). The visibility is really bad. The elevators have expired last year 2022. This place felt very unsafe. For the most part it feels like the management just takes advantage of the fact that they are mostly renting to college students. They have all these random fees. I provided renters insurance when I first moved in, a couple months later they change their provider and start changing me. I have to fight with them to accept my insurance again even though it was already approved:) tried to move out but was changed $200 because I missed the deadline by a couple days:)

There was also a pile of human poop at the bottom of the stairwell hanging out for a month

So This review has been a long time coming ! These photos I have attached were taken on the day I moved into my apartment , I filled out the move in form and took photos to have as record of what I saw before I moved any of my things in. JUST DISGUSTING! Throughout my time living at this filthy apartment complex I had my Hot water go out on me at LEAST 5/6 times So I was forced to take ice cold showers until they were able to come out and fix it days later( I have months of emails showing the back and forth about the unit not having hot water!) This place takes advantage of young students trying to get by and they know it! They will charge you for every single little thing OH & although you pay for a full months rent you don't really get your last days money worth because you have to turn your keys in at 12 and check out as if we are living on campus or something. Also, You will find throw up and pee in every single stairwell & you will always hear partying and loudness almost every night! (Don't get me wrong I enjoy a good party but here at 5025 it's every single night!) also you will have security harass you ... I was playing music while making dinner one night and I hear security screaming from the ground telling me to shut my windows!?! Like wth?!
Also, tell me if I'm wrong but doesn't it seem like the most recent 5 star reviews that were written seem a little fake? Just saying. DONT WASTE YOUR TIME AT THIS PLACE I PROMISE YOU WILL REGRET IT! Take your money and your personal belongings that you care about else where. I wish someone had told me what I was getting myself into before I signed a lease.

This place will attempt to ROB YOU. It's filthy and honest to god has the worst staff I have ever encountered. It's ran by rude children and they are so unprofessional. If you want to have your money stolen and live with cockroaches it's the perfect place for you. They are trying to charge me 774 to replace a carpet in a SHARED bedroom and when I asked for the warranty and documentation of the carpet they stopped responding. It's very challenging to communicate with them because they are all clearly uneducated and unhappy. Good luck. I'm waiting patiently for the rats nest to get sued.

5025 is a great place to live at! Everyone is so friendly, nice, and helpful! You should definitely come here!

Fifty twenty five is great! This is my second year living here as a student. I appreciate the shuttle and staff as they are attentive to our living spaces. These apartments are also very close to campus which is convenient! Not to mention the fun events that start host in the clubhouse.

I have lived here for 2 years now and I really enjoy all the events and amenities here. Its a nice vibe and its super close to campus!

Great place to live while studying at university. Amenities and location is superior.

After living here for the year, I am extremely dissatisfied. The apartment is uncommunicative and unhelpful when issues arise and do the bare minimum to address any concerns. My unit went without a functioning washer for over a month and were offered no alternative or compensation. The ceiling has also been leaking and moldy for months, which they have failed to fix. Property wide the elevators are unreliable and constantly malfunctioning. Finally, the apartments partnership wtih Western Towing has made it extremely difficult to enjoy living here as they go out of their way to tow anyone they see 24/7. This makes it hard to park and have a car here. I am extremely dissatisfied with my experience and I would not reccomend that anyone live here.

This apartment is absolutely terrible and I would recommend this being your last option for choosing a place to stay. The overall condition of most of the rooms are deplorable, the wifi is unstable, maintenance work is haphazard, and the front desk is slow in responding to anything.

Where do I even begin? The photos on the website are literally fake this place is TINY. They shove six people into a broom closet and call it a day. The shuttle has had problems since day one, people kept quitting (wonder why) and the shuttle kept shutting down and we would only get notified after the fact and then be stranded not able to go to class. They turn off the water randomly all the time, again not even a 24 hr notice, and feel entitled to enter your apartment at any time, any day, for any reason, and will sometimes not notify you at all. I've literally been half naked when two random men have knocked barbarically for two seconds then proceed to enter rather than wait and see if anyone is home. The management is actually idiotic, they all collectively have three brain cells, and treat residents like they are animals. The elevators are ALWAYS out of order, and the place itself is disgusting with litter and trash. Overall do not live here, and I know that I will be contacted after I write this from management because they also like to gaslight their residents!

Definitely cheaper than most college apartments, does have some issues, we had a gas leak our first week after moving in. Great location if you are going to SDSU. Prices have raised though. I have heard that people have leaks and the security guards don't do much. The apartments themselves are pretty nice but some parts need to be updated. But, overall it is a decent place to live for the price.

Our first unit was a smooth experience. The unit was fine, but the furniture was all scratched up. Regardless, we recently transferred to what is supposed to be a "premium" unit and it has been a terrible experience. When we received the new unit, the toilet was dirty, the tub stopper does not work, the washer is missing a lid, and to top it off, our AC still does not work. When we have tried to contract them, they continue to ignore our emails, and still want us to pay the transfer fee for an apartment that has unresolved issues BEFORE we moved in. They have no problem reaching out for our transfer payment, but ignore our complaints. How is it fair to give someone an apartment that is supposed to be "premium" and it comes with many issues. I am confused if there was even an inspection. I would suggest finding a place somewhere else. It feels like they are taking advantage because we are students.

5025 is a better alternative to living on campus if you have the opportunity. It is worth your money and is affordable compared to the other apartments in the area. I live in a double and the rooms are spacious. The kitchen is well equipped with many storage spaces. Not only is it affordable, but it comes with its own washing machine and dryer in the unit, which is extremely convenient.

WHATEVER YOU DO DO NOT LEASE HERE. We have had to have our apartment fumigated TWICE. When I moved in informally they didn't clean the apartment which is obligated in almost any lease. We moved the fridge from its spot and found cockroaches caked to the ground from what probably was the last fumigation. As in they haven't cleaned since before it was fumigated...even with us new residents moving in.

They sometimes add fees to your monthly payments and sometimes charge twice. It's an absolute mess. The main office are completely in consistent with policies. I'm here to save the students looking for their first apartment and don't know what to look for.

Answer: NOT 5025

Any apartment complex near SDSU has their pros and cons, but I would say that my experience here has been pretty positive. More expensive than if you were to live in a house, however, from what i have heard from friends you live in houses, apartments are the way to go. we have had our maintenance issues and complaints but nothing serious enough to make me move out. overall, a nice place to live.

Roach infested, nothing like what they show online, or in the model tour, they sell you a renovated place when in reality its dirty and old, very disappointed, not what we sign for, and if you try to get out of the lease since its not what they sold you, they tell you its not within their policy. I wish I had seen all the bad reviews before renting there for my daughter. Terrible experience. Talked to management, and they said renovations wont be ready until summer, then why do they sell a renovated place, when is not the reality

I would give them a Zero rating but that is not one of your options unfortunately.If you enjoy living in a Roach infestation,bed bugs room.The Staff are like the Bates Motel so if you enjoy your life don't move there.Their banner says Escape from Reality! So what kind of Psychologically imbalanced P.R.Advertising Firm came up with this? Your right on the money.If you hate your child send them here.

your car will get broken into. There are randos who enter the garage after you and will park in an open spot til that person comes along and gets their assigned spot then they'll move to a different spot. Went to the front desk and said they can do nothing about it and if i really wanted to get them out I would have to call the tow truck...safety is sure their number one priority...

Stay away from 5025. It's appealing from the outside, but once you sign the lease you see through everything.

This isn't student living. Anyone, meaning somebody at any age can move into your apartment without any notice.

As a college student, it's unappealing to live with a person in their 50-60's! This place has several seniors here.

AT LEAST PUT THEM IN THE SAME UNIT/AREA. Don't mix them with 19 and 20 years olds!

The staff is helpful and kind until you have a problem. They do not listen to your roommate survey and will pair you with anyone. Don't like it? Pay the $350 transfer fee.

Once you transfer and pay the $350, 5025 gives you the bedroom/unit *AS-IS* SO WHY DID THEY CHARGE ME $350?!?

Most of the people who live here actually aren't students. A lot of drug dealers, scammers and etc looking to make money off of the real college students.

WHAT DO I MEAN? So many 5025 residents get fed up and decide to sublease their apartments at an extreme discounted price, just to get out of 5025's lease.

THIS OPENS THE DOOR FOR PEOPLE WHO WOULD NOT PASS THE BACKGROUND SCAN.

I don't know how many times I couldn't do my homework because "5025 was experience internet issues."

The WiFi hardly works, although they claim they've revamped it. It never works!

STILL DON'T BELIEVE ME? LOOK AT ATTACHED PHOTO!

Beware! It is unfortunate how rude, and uncooperative the management company/accounting department is at 5025 Apartments. The communication of policy, charges on their end, and accounting issues are absolutely mishandled when it comes to dealing with its renters. If it were not for already having signed a lease, I would run and never again consider them as a place to rent. They will not work with you or take any accountability for the confusion they cause their renters when it comes to clarification of charges.

I really love the staff this year as they have been friendly and helpful. The location is great and the shuttle to and from school is very helpful. They place could be cleaner for sure but I have not had any problems with pests thus far. They offer plenty of activities for you to meet your neighbors and the gym is pretty nice too. Some of the equipment is a little older but nothing is broken. This is my second year here and I really like it.

5025 has been such a learning experience. I have had so many learning experiences and gained skills I never would've had to know had I not lived here. I never in my wildest dreams could have imagined what it would be like living here.

So the community manager replied below and said nobody was charged a late move out fee including keys right ?

5025 is very close to campus and they even have a shuttle! Very nice complex overall and the apartments are super nice. Gym is very convenient since campus gym is always packed. Hot water in showers always, no issues with that. You get your own washer and dryer. Pool is super nice and taken care of regularly. Overall great experience so far can't complain.

Overall the pricing is very low and affordable for all the room options. The maintenance team is responsive, and they tend to arrive within a day or two which is another positive as well. However, there are a few problems that I believe need to be addressed to make the apartment better. The elevators are very slow, and while there are usually two per building, one has always been broken for the duration of my stay. This applies to building three and building two, I am unsure as to the state in building one. The garbage chute breaks often, and many things in the apartments are prone to breaking (dishwasher/laundry machines/etc). My biggest complaint, as an SDSU student, is the primary driver of the shuttle. He is rude, and does not make you feel welcomed at all. He has ridiculous rules, and is unnecessarily mean to his passengers.

My favorite apartment complex! Close to SDSU, and also gives you shuttle rides to campus, along with events to keep you fed and involved in the community.

Fifty Twenty- Five is a decent place to live while attending local colleges/ universities in San Diego. The price is the most decent out of many apartment complexes in the area. There is a shuttle system. full transparency it is reliable until it isn't. sometimes there is delays or alterations to the schedule. Just be aware of this. Management is mostly nice and cooperative with things you may need. Maintenance requests are fulfilled in a timely manner. Residents are mostly quiet, but there is very thin walls so if your bother by the slightest noise this place might not be for you. There is parking but there is a waiting list for most of the year. There is street parking and its relatively easy to get a parking spot. Every place has its ups an down but overall I've enjoyed my stay. If you're looking for a place close to SDSU and want to make friends, this is the place for you!

The only reason why I'm giving this place a 4-star was because management gave me the wrong apartment the day I moved in. I had to wait 2 weeks until I was actually able to be given the right one while I was in school. As challenging as that was, Rob was very responsive and tried his best to get back to me as soon as I had the right apartment. I've moved in the right apartment and couldn't be happier:

The apartment is well maintained, even in the wrong apartment, everything was kept clean and tidy. AC didn't work, but 5025's maintenance crew is really good at responding back and fixed our AC within a couple days. Same goes for our clogged sink and broken toilet-paper holder, they fixed it within 24-hours which is nice.

The bathroom was also well kept and the bath tubs were spotless. no rodents or bugs. Kitchen was also clean when I walked in. The living room is also clean, TV remote doesn't work, but the TV works and my roommates just plugged in our consoles and we have no problem with it.

The only complaint I have is the fact that the backdoors to enter the buildings are kept open, even at night. The place does feel secure with night security roaming the place, but it would feel safer if the doors were kept closed and night security has access. The trash chute is also always clogged and it almost makes the hallways smell bad. But it is cleared from time to time so I got to appreciate 5025 staff.

This place is really affordable in comparison to other off-campus housing! I'm saving a lot of money just to only stay here for 3 years. 5025 is treating me well so far, so I highly recommend to any new/international students.

EDIT: Not interested in speaking to management. There's nothing they can do bc I moved out. This is my PERSONAL EXPERIENCE. I removed the part with my "theory" so as not to leave any "fraudulent claims." To management, instead of trying to discredit your residents, fix the issues. There's enough 1 star reviews w/ suggestions :)
This is a long read but highlights the reasons you should NOT live here. Disregard any positive reviews as management offers gift cards & raffle prizes for positive reviews. The employees also get a bonus if their name is mentioned in a review.
1. They will charge you for everything. Closer to move out, we got a $200 charge for furniture damage. We weren't notified they entered our apartment, weren't notified of any damage AND they cut the tags off the furniture so you can't tell where they got it from to price check. After 2 weeks of trying to contact the accounting manager, we finally received a call saying they "accidentally charged the wrong apartment."
2. They will enter your apartment when they want to. We received a notice telling us they were checking the sprinklers. We came home to our bedroom doors both locked (we never locked them) & assumed that was when they came to check. 2 days later, people entered our apartment again. This was extremely concerning to me. I asked the front desk about this twice. One girl said they sent two separate emails saying they would be doing inspections. They did not. The other girl told me that they don't have to specify "because we can enter your apartment anyways." Um WHAT?!
3. They advertise as a "gated community." Only the parking garage is gated. They give remote openers. The gate is open until the sensor resets. ANYONE can enter if they follow in behind someone. The parking garage is also EXTREMELY unsafe. There are very tight turns & have been many accidents.
4. They have no one on site from 5-10 pm. This would be fine if it wasn't advertised as "student housing". There was a guy who did not live here going door to door w/ flowers trying to find a girl. When he came to my door, he asked to borrow my phone to call her. I asked him why he didn't call her himself & he said "she is declining my calls." When I called the office because I was concerned for this girls safety, they said "call 911 if you feel unsafe."
5. The security guards are NO help. My friend & I heard a DV situation happening in the apartment above us (hitting, screaming, crying) so she called the security...twice. Nobody went to help. Eventually I called 911 b/c we were worried for their safety.
6. They did NOT enforce COVID policies. Many people threw parties on weeknights, w/ their balcony doors open so it was extremely loud. I went out to my balcony & security was just standing there. I yelled down to ask him if he was going to do anything. (This was 3 days after a covid reminder was sent out). They told me to calm down & did nothing. I had to go down to the apartment & tell them to close their door.
7. Due to covid, they promised all residents that the apartments would be deep cleaned before we moved in. When we arrived, it was apparent that this apartment hadn't been cleaned at all. There was trash & used items in our cabinets (foundation, drain cleaners, etc) & everything was caked in dust. We had to call maintenance to have them deep clean while we watched.
8. Our water heater did not work for more than 12 hours at a time from the night that we moved in. We had to reset it once or twice a day. The maintenance men had to come up 8 different times giving dumb excuses (not their fault when management doesn't allow them to replace things) before I demanded they replace it. They finally did 2 months after moving in.
9. The package system - They have lockers to put them in and oftentimes the Amazon drivers don't know/care how to work the locker system, so they put it under random names or just leave them on the floor in the mail room. They lost at least 5 different packages of mine & 1 was never recovered.
10. They advertise as a non-smoking complex. This is not true. When we moved in, there were cigarettes & ash marks all over our balcony.
11. The front desk staff is EXTREMELY incompetent. They never have any clue what is going on. There were a few times that I missed their call because I was at work & called back within 2 minutes & they had no idea why I was calling. They have extremely bad attitudes & are not willing to help the residents.
12. The furniture is damaged. They charge the residents & then pocket the money. My friend had cigarette burns on her nightstand. My other friends had such bad rips in their couch that they turned them over & sat on the velcro part.
13. My roommate & I paid extra for brand new stainless steel appliances & they weren't installed until after we moved in.
There are so many things wrong with this place. I would NOT recommend living here unless it is your last resort.

I never write reviews but I had so many issues living here this past year that I wanted to raise awareness for potential future residents before they sign a lease. I'm not looking for a reply from the management, I just wanted to share my experiences. I'd also like to mention that I've heard the management might add arbitrary charges in retaliation to reviews so I'm stating here that I did not cause any damage to my unit and if I receive any new charges I'll post them here with updates.

I would describe 5025 as a catfish because the outside and model apartment are beautiful but the livable units are not. We were promised that the apartments would be deep cleaned to prevent the spread of COVID (5th bullet point in the screenshot) but I instead had a filthy apartment that I had to clean myself before unpacking. There was dirt caked on my bathtub, dust and/or spiderwebs on nearly every surface, cigarette burns on my nightstand, the smell of cigarettes soaked into the carpet, and my smoke detectors were not installed. I'm not sure why they would make the promise of a deep clean to their residents if it was just a boldfaced lie. Since then we've dealt with an extremely dirty community with feces, vomit, trash, and furniture in the hallways. They do clean the floors about twice a month but it's not enough.

Because of the pandemic, our gym and pool were closed for most of my time here and management threatened a $1,000 fine for trespassing. I understand the closures but I do not understand the exorbitant fine and why they did not lower our rent. We instead had to pay for those amenities for many months without actually being able to use them.

The staff and managers of the property are usually friendly (except for whoever responds to some of these reviews, I've never seen a business respond so defensively) but I've never had a smooth experience with them. They're often confused and/or unorganized, with one staff member saying something different from the next. Most staff members are very young which is perfectly fine but I saw a review response below self-labeling them as the "top professionals in the industry" which would be funny if it wasn't such a damaging lie. For instance, posting screenshots of residents' private account information on Yelp in retaliation to their reviews is not professional. They often do not remember why charges appear on residents' accounts yet they rarely take action to remove these charges unless you persistently dispute them. My biggest frustration with the management was when I tried to switch units in November. After months of a toxic roommate situation that was crippling to my mental health, I was told that I could not move without doing a "roommate mediation" meeting with the staff first as if we were at summer camp. I said I already tried to mediate the situation and it didn't work and the leasing manager told me I didn't have a choice. I kept calling almost every week and in January I moved home for three weeks because I couldn't stand living there. Each week I was told by the leasing manager that there wasn't availability but once I called and pretended to be an interested future resident and they told me there WAS availability. Finally I was able to switch units in February (to the extremely dirty unit) without the "roommate mediation" so I'm not sure why he tried so hard to enforce that. They also charge you a $360 fee for switching units because they can.

I'd lastly yet most importantly like to warn you about the safety of this community. When there is a security guard present, there is only one. From my experience, the guard is not very helpful and even told us to be quiet after we just sang happy birthday to my friend at 9pm. One time there was an extremely scary domestic violence situation in the unit above me and we called the security guard twice over a span of 20 minutes until finally calling 911 because the screaming and hitting hadn't stopped. I would recommend just calling them for noise complaints and 911 if there's a dangerous situation.

I can't believe I've moved out months ago and am STILL having problems with 5025.

I moved out the day after I graduated, and had my side cleaned out. My furniture was intact and it was cleaner than it looked when I moved in. I was just thankful to finally be leaving the filthy, unsafe, cockroach infested apartment building that I dreaded going home to everyday.

Then, I decided to check my resident portal and saw that I owed $400 in move out fees. They charged me $200 for improper check out fees???, $100 for not turning in my clicker/parking pass, and $100 for not turning in my key/shuttle pass?

First of all, what is an improper check out fee? Was I fined $200 for not letting them know that I was moving out early? I still paid June and July's rent, despite not living there so I don't see what the problem is. It is also ridiculous to charge me hundreds of dollars for clicker to get into the garage, considering mine was broken and I was clicker-less for months before I moved out, a parking pass which is literally a STICKER that the office throws away once you return it to them, and a shuttle pass which is a cheap, plastic keychain that I actually never received because I told the office the day I moved in that I would not be taking the shuttle.

DO NOT LIVE HERE. You will charged with hundreds of dollars of fines to live in a dirty, unkempt apartment building with unreasonable policies.

My son has lived here going on 3 years. He lives in a studio so does not have a room mate to deal with. He has NEVER had any issues with management. The office ALWAYS responds to work orders promptly. The appliances were just all upgraded to stainless. The flooring is beautiful. He has had zero problems with roaches!

Chelsea, at the office is amazing!!! She always speaks to him and the other tenants when shes out and about. She is helpful when he has questions regarding anything at the apts.

His garbage disposal needed replacing and Jorge came to replace it before 24 hours of the work order going in. Jorge was courteous, professional and got the job done expediently. Thanks Jorge

I would recommend these apts for anyone looking to be close to SDSU.

This is one of the worst ,most unsafe, low class, dishonest apartment complex places I have ever lived .The only comparison I can make is to one nursing home in which the nurse took everything that was not nailed down .The Community Manager of this proported "Luxury Apartments" complex has rented to a crystal meth dealer who I got evicted ,followed by a man who attacked four residents and she still allowed him to live here ,then my roommate with four aliases all of these people are the Community Apartment Manager friends, recently I was charged on my credit card through auto pay twice without my consent for things my ex roommate who I had to take out a permanent restraining order against broke ,the other appliance was not only outdated it now still leaks after the Maintenance Mngr installed a so called "new garbage disposal".which has leaked enough water to fill a bucket under the sink,the hot water heater was worn out and had to be replaced because it was leaking by a so called new hot water heater still leaking and actually leaking more water than before.Then Norma C my Postmates driver was delivering food from Plant Power Restaurant but a female crack addict was loitering around outside the clubhouse at 8pm and tried to steal my food and shakes from the frightened senior female delivery driver ,my question would be where was the California Safety Agency security company guard service we pay for as part of our "Luxury Apartments" experience"?if It were possible to give a negative zero review for this dump then that would be more accurate.The Community Manager having received a signed by a Judge Court order sent me an email stating she doesn't see any problem with allowing the defendant to move back in,with four aliases who I had to have a police psych eval done on and who I reported to Adult Protective Services for blocking me from access to my medicine,I am a disabled monk us navy veteran,half native american,this has become a daily nightmare.if you care about someone don't recommend them to live here.

I used to live at 5025 and I have no complaints. I was new to San Diego and am glad this was the first place I lived. They do roommate matching, which is great because my randomly assigned roomies became my best friends :) The entire staff is friendly, from the office to maintenance. The price was very affordable and it came with a lot of amenities too- utilities are included! I would recommend living here if you don't want to pay crazy prices at different complexes in San Diego. (They have a gym, pool, basketball court, washer and dryer inside the unit, TVs in the living room, and it's fully furnished!) Shoutout to 5025 for making this place feel like home!

This is my second year staying at 5025, so far my experience has been good. The cost of the apartment for the area is phenomenal, I managed to upgrade to a studio and am satisfied. They are currently in the works of renovating the apartment after the COVID hiatus! The amenities are back up, like the gym and the pool, and I'm looking forward to more events! The shuttle is useful and comes by often so I always have a way to get to campus! Nearby stores and lots of foodie places!

Most ghetto place you could possibly rent from the tow your car in the parking space that you pay for your view in your apartment is of weird men's underwear and empty beer cans and the apartments themselves have cobwebs all over and dust everywhere and it smells disgustingO

Probably one of the best apartments I've lived in my college career. Good staff and prompt service.

I've continued to be a resident here for about three years. As an update the management has made some changes that improve the appearance of the community. I cannot say the same for the residents, if feels like very year more and more rowdy college students come around and party it up. It's the college life but at least the apartment is live able and close to campus. They have events, food trucks and free give always.

This is a great place for SDSU Students to live while attending. Fair prices and good rooms. I would highly suggest!!

Good place to live at if it's your first time moving away. Very nice staff and great amenities!

Leasing Agent Ika did an outstanding job in introducing us to the 5025 community, which included a thorough and highly informative facilities tour. We're excited about becoming a member of this seemingly wonderful residential community because of Ika's fine presentation. Thank you, Ika, and 5025!

Appreciatively,

/Harold Coleman, Jr. and Halle Coleman

Jordan was truly a guiding light in our moving experience! She was so so helpful throughout the whole process and even throughout unexpected bumps in the road.