Post:
I applied to 4 CSU’s but was really hoping for an acceptance into SDSU. I am transferring from a community college and got an English Associate’s Degree for transfer and two normal English/adjacent AA’s. I submitted my intent to enroll at SDSU and seeing as I’m from Orange County, I wanted to move out to San Diego in the fall. I also got my name on the “interest list” for on campus housing but heard it’s unlikely to get a spot as a junior. I’ve been looking around at apartments in the area and most have concerning/bad reviews. I applied to the 5025 because of the pricing. What are peoples experiences getting in the on campus housing as upper classmen? Any off campus housing recommendations? I’m a little bit older than other juniors, I’m 26 and not big into partying so I don’t really want to be living in the same room as someone and would like my own bathroom. Let me know! Thanks.

Replies:
Hi there! There is a parent run FB page for SDSU off campus housing. Well run page with no spam or scams, just be sure to join the right one. It’s private w abt 8.9k members and is called SDSU Off-Campus Housing

I second this! I’m transferring and gonna be a Junior in the fall, and have been connecting with other transfers looking for roommates through this group!

It’s a FANTASTIC group, and the admins that run it are on top of keeping scammers out.

Over 60 credit transfer students, off campus housing options are:

The Rive (shuttle/parking under), but further away

Zuma (Separate Lease per person)

M@College

College Campanille (Fall 2025 Under construction, call to see if Fall 2026 they are ready)

Cerca (just like the name... you can not get closer unless you sleep in library)

Iconic on Alvarado

Paseo Place

Topaz (New & on top of McD, Dunkin', Handles)

Victory (New New no parking under, but you have to buy SDSU parking and there is lot across)

SDSU Campus housing, if you get Sunset Plaza, the parking is right under. There are singles and doubles, and some people may complain about it because it has a shared kitchen, but it is sweet to have a huge laundry room and direct access for underground parking that is ASSIGNED to you and no one else. Shared kitchen is stocked with pots, pans, spices, etc on the first floor and you are between Trader Joes and the ARC gym. If you get a single, you will be very lucky.

Just don't live in City Heights. If you are near check cashing, liquor stores, etc. Get your own separate lease. Check out the IG for the move-in specials and read about each place/lease on reddit too. You also have to consider the parking in the cost. Some have tandem spots and some don't have any parking, you have to buy the SDSU 24/7 type and you risk leaving your car in those lots. Maybe you can find someone who is traveling abroad and needs to sublet. Good Luck.

what about college view?

I applied to Zuma

I’m 27, transferring student same boat as you .

I’m 43, transferring student same boat as you .

There is a Private FB group for SDSD students for off campus housing, run by real SDSU parents, very detailed about screening people who are verified SDSU students. Lots of copy cat FB groups that are too easy to join which are not vetted. The real FB groups has almost 9K members.

Oh I have a good place for you. Iconic on Alvarado would be perfect for you. It’s 5 mins away from SDSU by car and the trolley is even closer too! Also the environment is peaceful. I am in fact trying to sublease my room which would be available to move in now! Let me know if you’re interested and I can give more details!

Hi! I'm in almost the exact same boat as you! I'm a History major transferring to SDSU from Miramar and housing is a b*tch. I heard that they start going through the Housing Interest List applications sometime in April.

By then it might be too late for 'off-campus' housing. I say that in quotes because the place I have is literally on Fraternity Row and it's considered 'off-campus' just because it wasn't gotten through the school. I actually got in contact with my roomates (I have 2, though I'm in my own room :D) through Facebook.

There are a bunch of groups that talk about housing and you can just DM people that are offering. I found my place on a women only group, but I highly recommend looking through Facebook just to cover all your bases! Good Luck!

History is such a cool major! I’m wondering if the on campus housing is even worth “waiting for”. Definitely stressing about housing right now too!

Do what you need, friend! I saw on the Interactive SDSU Map that my place is actually closer to the center of campus than some of the housing places that you can get through the school lol.

Again, I HIGHLY recommend getting Facebook and taking a look at some of the private groups for SDSU Housing (the groups you have to apply to join aren't scammy). You can talk to people and see a wide variety of places!

And in the event that you get the 'on-campus' housing through the school in April-ish, you can just back out of things on Facebook (as long as you haven't signed anything or made any promises ofc).

You most likely won’t get anything with a full kitchen in it for on campus housing. It will most likely be a dorm/suite situation living with sophomores. So I suggest you find off campus. Join the Facebook group. So many are posted there.

You’ve also got Stateside Apartments, which is super convenient since it’s right across from the P3 and P4 parking garages. Then there’s Monte Apartments, it’s brand new (less than a year old) and also an easy walk to campus :)

Looks to private run pages on Facebook for on campus housing. Also it's not unlikely to get a spot as a junior for on campus housing, I have a friend who got on campus housing last year as a junior, though it took a while to get a spot, he got a spot in on campus housing last June. Best of luck and hope you enjoy your experience at SDSU.

If you are 26, you do NOT want to be on campus. Follow the recommendations for the parent run housing group on Facebook to find yourself some roommates who are in a similar situation as you. My daughter was in some great off campus housing a few years ago - - rented a house with a few friends.

I just saw that Zuma dropped their rates for private rooms and its one of the better deals I've seen lately. They're also doing a gift card deal too if you sign a lease pretty quickly after applying. Cerca and Prisma are doing that gift card deal as well. If you're still deciding I'd probably look into it soon because these types of deals don't usually last and spaces fill up fast.

I’m only seeing applications for August 2026 but not August 2025 anymore. Are all these application portals linked and it cut me off the 2025 application because I applied to 5025??

When are you looking to move? i think you mentioned you're applying for the fall so it would be August 2026 for the application if that makes sense. Like for me last year i applied for August 2025 and the lease ends july 2026 but since the school year this year starts in august then it would be august 2026... hopefully i didnt make that more confusing lol! and as far as apps being linked i dont think thats the case because i applied to multiple last year with no issues

Omg I am so stupid I thought it was 2025 still haha. I applied to Zuma!

August 2025 was last year. You want to apply for 2026

Hello, for anyone trying to move closer to sdsu. I am looking for someone to occupy my room. It’s a one bedroom with private bathroom at Iconic on Alvarado, not even 5mins from SDSU! If you have a vehicle or not, the trolley is only a skip away too. Lmk if any would be interested, I’m happy to help!