Post:
Srsly how are all of you affording housing? I understand a lot of students have parents paying for their own housing but the rent here is CRAZY I didn’t know there was a place in Cali other than the Bay Area that out did OC in rent prices. All I’m asking for is a private room w a full bed for < 1250 does anyone have a clue on where this is possible? I don’t mind a commute but I def don’t want to have to commute from orange county to SD daily lol.

Replies:
This is literally so so possible to find you just need to look at houses with roommates instead of student housing like topaz. I think the rive costs that much even.

Im at the rive now and they want 1369 a month + urilities,for a shared room it’s cheaper but I really wanted to have my own room this upcoming year 😭

One Google search shows that a single at the rive in a 4x4 costs less than that

Like I said, I live at the rive currently and sent numerous emails hoping the price would change, they have market based pricing so it constantly fluctuates, a quick google search doesn’t tell you how much it costs because they don’t have it explicitly listed on their official website as it rises and lowers whenever. I emailed again yesterday and the cheapest one rn is 1369. The 4X4 you’re seeing for $999 is the price listed for the shared bedroom as I am currently in.

I just said I alr lived here so idk why people would think idk what I’m talking about when I literally talk to them in the leasing office.

Just don’t give your hard earned money to this dude who scammed other students on FB, he’s been doing it for 8 yrs, to both students and non students as well. He also does this at the UCSD FB page as well. That dude is unhinged. You don’t want to get Michael J’ed.

What’s there @?

Oh buddy, you don’t wanna know. Despite the fact that this guy has 3 lawsuits on him over the past 6 yrs for harassment and abuse.

Look in East County (La Mesa, El Cajon). Lower prices and close to campus most of the time.

San Diego has some of the highest housing rates in the state.

This is definitely doable, you just have to look like people said on facebook marketplace, even Craiglist even though people say it's full of scams, you just have to vet your sources. Don't look for places with fancy names like "the Rive" honestly. San Diego is inundated with these "luxury apartments". Look at the suburban areas, like people said. Here are places to look that are close to campus: La Mesa, El Cajon, Santee, Normal Heights, North Park, University Heights (not City), Linda Vista. El Cajon is cheapest, but it gets hot and is kind of far. Normal Heights and North Park are good for younger people. La Mesa is closest to campus and lots to choose from.

Go look on Facebook housing groups in San diego

I work almost 40 hours a week and live in a house with 3 other people. College area is too expensive, I’m in Kearny mesa/serra mesa and it’s slightly better.

I live with 4 students and we have 2B2B and in one B we are two people just 10mins away from campus. Each person pays just $600

May I ask what area that is?

opp to rive in art street

Hi there, there is a FB housing group run by a parent who does a great job keeping the “scammy” posts off the page. It’s a private group so you have to request to join but I’ve seen students looking for roommates on there.

It’s called SDSU Off-Campus Housing and has abt 8.7k members. I’ve def seen options advertised at or below your budget :)

And I hope it is not ranned by this unhinged weirdo who has like 4 different profiles on FB.

Who is this unhinged weirdo you speak of?

I replied to your question as a straight DM man.

Good to know

Why don’t you join groups on fb for sdsu u would find pretty of them

Yesss I’m in them! It seems like a lot of them are focused are getting their lease taken over asap rather than spring orrr they r def outta budget lol but imma keep looking on there fs!!!

Yeah u would find sublets and new room partners too or just move to rive but thats pretty depressing

Check out the Rive. It’s right near the Vons on El Cajon blvd and has a shuttle to campus.

Look in El Cajon, La Mesa, Santee, Bonita.
Serious question- how in the hell did you not know this beforehand? San Diego is STOOPID expensive and that has never been a secret.

I had different circumstances during my first year and stayed on campus! Now that things have changed, and id like my own room— that’s when I saw the big jump in prices. It’s not that I didn’t know it was expensive as I grew up in Cali rather, how hard it was to find a decent room for <1250 atm.

$750 for a bedroom near SDSU

Saw this on Nextdoor (yes, I’m old, ok?)

Hi! I’m currently looking for 2-3 roomates (girls preferably) who are interested in renting a fully furnished house (modern style). You would get your own room and it would be from August 14th - May 14th EXCLUDING the summer. For context I’m going to be a Senior at SDSU graduating next year. Looking for people who are clean and respectful to the house. You will be roughly looking at rent being 1400-1600. It would be just outside of SDSU not specifically in the college area but provides parking if you have a car. Dm if you are interested!

are you still looking for roommates? 

I found this good looking spot - my friend enjoyed living next door and it's right next to 955 bus, which is a 4 minute ride to SDSU. Check it out! https://rental.turbotenant.com/p/4843-collwood-blvd-san-diego-ca/2052585

Are you still looking? I am trying to transfer my lease, I live one trolley stop from SDSU and I have a private bedroom and bath that are connected. 1180/mo

Hi! If you’re a girl I have a room for rent in rancho peñasquitos for $1125 for july and then 1200! It’s a big room w a queen bed and closet