Post:
It’s already July and I still don’t have housing. I know that San Diego is expensive, and so I’m willing to room with people. I really need to find a place near SDSU quick— hopefully walking distance(I don’t have a car).

Replies:
Go on Facebook and search SDSU off-campus housing. They have a lot of rentals and sublets

Still lots of students looking for additional roommates as well

I’m in them, but they’re too expensive for me, and when I ask if I can share the room, most people say it’s only for one person 🥲

San Diego is very expensive. I think 1200-1300 a single room or 800-900 for a shared room. Check out the Rive. They are reasonable.

All the ones from the Rive I’ve seen are around $900s

Yup. That’s the cheapest you’ll find. Good luck. If you go further out maybe you might find something. But it’s gonna be tough with no car

Thanks, I’ll try. I think further, like 30 min away by public transportation is fine as long as there are no transfers.

It’s not worth it to be 30 minutes away just to save 100$ max on rent your gonna end up being in some worse area and have a much worse time at school then if you are next to campus

Dm me, I know my neighbor is looking for roommates. We are a trolley stop away or about a 20 minute walk

This is gonna sound weird, but if you have Snapchat join the sdsu 2027 group or any other year for that matter. There’s constantly people posting about extra rooms they need to fill for on/off campus housing.

How much are they usually?

Just walk around near campus tons of places left or FB marketplace/ Craigslist

Union grantville. They will assign you roommates

Check facebook for private rooms and this subreddit for subleases

Check apartments 5025.

The rive is also an option, can walk to school but they have a shuttle, busy times and mornings shuttle is approximately every 15 mins, then it goes to 30 mins.

Shuttle starts at like 7 am and ends around 11 pm. Only operates on school days.

Union grantville is slightly more expensive, but its right on the trolley (i believe they give you a trolley pass to use will living there).

5025 is like the Rive. They also have shuttle service. Apparently their rent includes utilities already, rive is a separate bill for it.

Few people trying to sublease their apartments and housing, can be found on SDSU snapchat groups and also the Facebook groups.

Just be careful of shady ones and take caution.

You have time. It really just depends on what youre willing to settle for and how much time and effort youre willing to put into searching for housing.

Good Luck!

It’s just that I’m a lot more broke this year after being in dorms last year, and I can’t even go up to $900 for rent anymore😭

5025 is the cheapest option at the moment. since we’re so close to the beginning of the school yesr the prices have gone up due to demand, some places don’t even have rooms available anymore. I signed my lease at 5025 for $799 a month but now i know it’s gone up a lot more. honestly your best bet is to settle for something as cheap as you can find because since we’re almost in august you have to take what you can get. unfortunately nothing will be cheaper than $900 right now.

I started searching months before, so I wonder what I could've done better.

yeah it’s a real hit or miss, i singed my lease in April as well as many other girls i know & my roommates so it’s definitely hard but unfortunately you won’t find anything in your $500 budget :( especially with how expensive san diego is

This is a group that I run. Very safe. We screen every member and verify all posts. There are a few listings in your price point. https://www.facebook.com/groups/844086326461650/?ref=share_group_link

Thank you! I’m already in this one

What is your budget?

My budget is at most $700s, but I’d like to keep it down to $500 or lower. I know this means I’ll have to share rooms with a few people, but I’m fine with that, as long as I get cheap housing.

I have not seen anything in San Diego at that price point. Most shared rooms are closer to $1000 a month.

You could try The Rive! Nice apartments and a shuttle that takes you to and from campus for free. Stayed there for a year with some roommates and it wasn’t bad for the price (between $830-1000)

Are there any that are $830? I feel like the cheapest ones I see from there are in the $900s

Hi, don't panic! I heard that College View apartments are having a really good deal right now. They lowered their base rate $500 for 4x4 apartments. And you do not need to bring in a roommate. They are located steps away from SDSU. I would recommend reaching out soon, their phone number is (619)626-2729, Ext. #4

you’re cooked

My daughter lived at Stateside her first year there (junior). It was a good experience.

Be very careful where you end up - dont just pick anybody to live with. Stay safe.

Stateside housing as of 6 days ago had a $667 option for a shared room. It's on montezuma and very close to campus. Look into it quick they conveyed to me that they were filling up quick. Not sure if the 667 option was visible online, they told me about it when I was there for a tour.

https://www.livestateside.com/?switch_cls[id]=65662&gad_source=1&gad_campaignid=22131283141&gbraid=0AAAAArEGCmqLc9ERPAnxlHWTpJ8kCGM8t&gclid=CjwKCAjw4K3DBhBqEiwAYtG_9Ky34y_gFF_fxDlJ5kwmDly6f2mpaLrEjutfCrh7GZFGJCx5JjKfahoC8N8QAvD_BwE#N/A.

Heyy wondering if you are interested in taking over my lease for a double at cerca with rent 1270! it’s super close to campus, the arc and super close to most classes (literally 2 mins walk)! do let me know if you’re interested :)) Dm me :)))

You can live anywhere on the greenline trolley and it will be an easy commute. Check out Mission Valley or La Mesa to the East.

Check out 6nineteen, right across the street from campus. They have private bed/ bath for $1326-$1499, fully furnished, and roommate matching!