Post:
Hello, Could anyone give me some idea of off campus living expenses? I would like a walking distance, private room, for next semester. I am considering private 1B1B or shared 2B2B. Thank you! I looked Zillow and called a few apartment managers. It seems they list per bed price. What is a reasonable 1B1B or 2B2B unit rent?

Replies:
Yoo u sophomore rn?

Grade school

Do you mean Grad School?

There is a big difference between Grade School (K-12) and Grad School (MS/MA/JDS/JDA)

Does sdsu offer k-12 program? You should be able to recognize that typo

I don’t make assumptions, I ask the question. I’ve learned that making assumptions is one of the biggest fuck-ups one can make. Also, you could be a Sophomore in High School or a Sophomore in College. I don’t know, that’s why I ask the question.

SDSU does have K-12 credential programs in single or multi subject disciplines. So again I ask the question so we can all give you answers from the correct footing and not all assume that we know what you meant to say.

I’m also looking for a 1b1b, please let me know if you find any good recourses or recommendations!

SDSU website has a couple options for off-campus school associated options. I had a difficult time when I tried since a lot of the buildings near campus don’t seem to be listed on Zillow or apartments.com. I would try to look up apartment complexes around the school and just go directly to their websites. I’ve seen most studios around $1800-1900+ per month, one beds for like $2200-2500+ and 2bed 2bath for $3000+

Thank you so much, does those apartments have parking included? Are the price you referred for new buildings

There is a Facebook group called “San Diego State University (SDSU) - Off Campus Housing & Roommate Search”. You should be able to research listings in that group.

Re-letting Studio Apartment 5 minutes away from SDSU (Iconic on Alvarado) walking distance and near trolley- , in unit washer and dryer, dishwasher, furnished, free WiFi. I am looking for someone to take over the my studio lease at Iconic on Alvarado (6625 Alvarado Rd.). The current lease begins on August 1 2026 and ends July 31st. The leasing office hosts weekly events for tenants! Rent includes Wi-Fi.

Rent - $1,995 + about $100 of utilities Laundry - In Unit Parking - Secured Garage w/ Assigned Spot(s) Guest Parking - Garage Great size balcony - View of pool! Amenities - (2) huge pools, (1) 24-hour gym, (1) game room, (1) on-site restaurant with food & alcohol (Knockout Deli), secured package room, and a separate mailroom Storage - lots and lots of large cabinets throughout the kitchen+bathroom & a nice size closet *Studio comes furnished with full bed, 3-seater leather couch, mounted flat screen TV, dishwasher, & washer and dryer.

Hey! I’m actually subleasing my room which is available to move in now. It’s a one bedroom with its one bathroom in a 4bedroom. It’s at Iconic on Alvarado which is 5mins from SDSU and even more convenient is that there’s the trolley right out front. Let me know if you are interested and I can share more details!