Post:
i've been searching this subreddit for quite a bit on the different reviews from community apartments (the rive, iconic, 5025) I really can't afford anything too crazy are these really all that bad? The pricing is definitely more affordable. I know as a transfer it's possible to find roommates but it seems a little bit of a daunting task. im also a female student (20 yrs old) any advice would be totally welcome!!

I live 2 hours away so going on a wednesday afternoon to tour and what not would also be a little out of the question

update: i live at 5025 and ive had a good experience so far. just depends on what unit you get

Replies:
Honestly it's not too bad! I lived there for my first year and it was decent. Right now I live in a house where my rent is still under 1k and it's a 20 min walk from campus.

Edit: lived in the rive

thank u so much for your response! this is super helpful :D did you know of anyone living in any of the other listed apartments? just trying to get a sense of each one

Ya! So a friend lives in 5025 and he likes it. I learned that when he was living there the utilities is included in the rent already, Rive is like 850 + whatever for the utilities, and 5025 was like 850 (including thr utilities alread)

Only caveat is the roomie situation. Sometimes you get lucky, sometimes not. I personally had a meh roommate and ik some ppl who become really good friends with their roomie.

thank u so much omg 😭

LIVE AT THE RIVE. NOT 5025. I HATE THIS PLACE WITH ALL OF MY BEING

may i ask why? just to weigh pros and cons

i could go on about this forever lowkey. my rent is relatively cheap but i share with 6 people in my apartment. my biggest frustration is the parking here. it is $65/month here, and i have an assigned spot on the 7th floor on the ROOF. adds about 8 minutes to my commute versus parking in visitors on the bottom floor. the rive i think is like 200 for the year to park, no assigned spots, plenty of street parking as well. also, the rive is close enough to a bunch of food places and vons that you can walk to it. their amenities are much nicer, the apartments updated better, and just overall seem to take care of their residents a LOT better than 5025. i have a few friends who live at the rive and i am so envious of them

THANK YOU SO MUCH i appreciate the detailed response so much 😭😭😭💔💔 

Heya!! Fellow transfer here (started this last fall) and I currently live at the RIVE in one of units (6 people in total, 4 rooms, 2 get their own rooms and the 4 others split the other two rooms.) Rent is fairly cheap, around…$900 dollars a month not including utilities (Hot water, electricity, heating, and AC are charged separately between all the people within the apartment. I find for me it’s about…20-40 dollars a month). It’s nice here, there’s a shuttle that comes to and from campus. However it can be very inconsistent with when it arrives and leaves (The 9:15 shuttle never shows up on time and if it does it never picks anyone up sadly). So I suggest if you have a car you buy out the ability to park in the garage (A 25 dollar one time charge to use it. However if you want a premium spot aka on the first floor that’s an extra 15 a month I think)

The area is fairly nice. Theres two pools (which always have someone blasting music with Bluetooth speaks if it’s even remotely warm). The complex can be very loud sometimes, a lot of people tend to have parties or violate the 10 pm quiet hour times outside (there have been people scream at the pool at like 2 am multiple times). Theres also a Smart and Final and CVS in walking distance of the complex, along with a barber shop and other food places around the complex (Cheba Hut my beloved, those sandwiches are great. Get it with the garlic bread you won’t regret it).

If you can I would recommend that you move in with people you know. I did the random roommate placement and got with quite a few good people (the one I share a room with is a fuckin bitch XD). Other than that the people here are chill. The apartment does allow pets, however you will need pet insurance/renters insurance if you do move in.

But yea, very nice. Theres a few events that happen every month, a gym. And the people who work the leasing office and the resident services are very nice and helpful.

I hope this helps! Apologies for the rant. It’s late and I got classes in the morning! Congrats on getting into SDSU my fellow transfer!! I wish you the best in your future courses here!

i would get on fb to find roommates, lots more options. that’s what i did and i just took over a room

yup ive been stalking the fb pages too!

also usually theres transfer pages on insta with ppl asking to room together

i live at the rive rn and it’s totally not that bad! not a palace or anything, but not horrible either… i’m trying to sublease my 1bed 1bath apartment for $2100 per month if that sounds appealing to you :) feel free to shoot me a message if you’re interested!

thank you for the offer but thats a little out of my budget 😞

totally fair, it’s also out of mine 😂

I’m a transfer and just signed my lease at Iconic… kinda scareddd

thats not comforting 😭😭💔💔💔why are you scared

I’m also transferring in this fall and funny enough I’ve been living in the same apartments for the past 4 years and they happen to be RIGHT next to campus. They’re right by the UCSD Hospital on Alvarado. It’s a nice little quiet pocket. So if you’re going for that vibe I’d recommend this area. 

What are the apartments called?

rlly late but wondering if u found a place already? me and 4 other girls are looking for one more roommate and the room would be 890/mo + 100ish for utilities! lmk!

i did find a place! thank you so much. i ultimately decided going with 5025 and im hoping that its better than the reviews 😓😓

how is 5025