The many of the San Dirgo Transit Busses takes you to the many stations from the East County to the South Bay the areas of Chula Vista to the Border. There is one station that gives you the birds eye view of the valley and the many areas of the Mission Valley area for Jack Murphy Stadium was in the area that took you several stations to the location.
With the Union Grantville Statio it has the appartments that are for the students and those that are renting the appartments. The size and the looks of the apartments are more to the students I know many people that have stayed in the dorms and the studio appartments. The Grantville Transit Station has veen one of the busiest near the stadium and the Mission Valley you can connect to the many busses that service the Tierra Santa area the famous location for the attack of the Killer Tomatoes. The Union Grantville Station is one of the tallest that runs ocer the top of the freeway you can look down and view the San Diego River runs through the Mission Valley river zone.
San Diego Trolley has been one of the busiest for the many people that use the trolley and the busses that takes you into the Downtown and the College District. The Green Line that has been 9be of the trolleys that has serviced through the Grantville and the Rio Vista Teansit Centers for the Green line that has been the most widely used. The many stations that you stop at have some of the historical plaques that discribe historical and riddles that are on the wall.
As a Yelp Elite Reviewer from the many times that I have been to other states that have many great things to the trolleys that service many places. The best places that I like is the great places that have entertainment to the great cities you see more of transit to the trains people like busses and the coasters to the trolleys. Union Grantville Station is one that is the Birds Eye of the Valley.

The Jacuzzi is so dirty to the point that it's green.
tub water turns green primarily due to algae growth due to not being cleaned nor sanitized properly.

Someone keeps scratching my car but ofc they can't do nothing about it. Also the jacuzzi is SUPER DIRTY u would think after someone dying inside of it... they would maintained it better lol

Predatory management. Portal has an 8-day delay used to trigger fake fees and block accounts, even with bank proof. They are forcing a $3,100 'double-payment' for a $1,525 rent. Same thing happened to my roommate for $936 and they kept the original money. Property is a health hazard; pool/hot tub are filthy and caused a documented infection.
Will be moving out as soon as possible worst set of management and apartment complex I have seen and been in

God awful place to live. My boyfriend is stuck in a lease as his life is threatened by the men on his floor. They beat their girlfriends in the hallways and when he steps in and gets them arrested by calling the police, they threaten him and say they're going to "get him". And now he can't break his lease?? Take some initiative and either let him leave or kick them out. I have plenty of proof of their aggression and screaming at each other all day, the fact that these men have not been evicted is beyond me. Completely unsafe for everyone especially women as clearly the tenants aren't above beating one.

It's a decent price to rent and affordable enough the main big issue is the parking I have gotten my car towed three times now and my family member has been living here for only two months. The parking is ridiculous. There's a waiting list for more parking and the parking that they do have right under your apartment you can park there or the towing trucks will show up at 6 AM three or four towing trucks at the same time and they rushed to tow away peoples car and they have done damage to my car by doing that and that doesn't even count the money. I have spent to take out my car out of the tow yard because they have fucked up my car. They fucked up my door and on top of that I had to pay my own money to fix my own car because the tow yard made it super difficult to claim anything

Where should I start.... Hummm....

I have been with Union Grantville since 08/2023, yet I still decided to renewed my third year and living in same unit since then.

All the comments during 2023-2024 leasing term are true, I can confirms those reviews are true based on actual facts that happened in the apartment complex such as incidents involved police onsite multiple times, internet outage, elevator down, parking gates constantly down, and some residents just left the trash behind can't even clean after themselves.

Although things getting somewhat better during 2024-2025 leasing term (current), specially onsite security (FINALLY). Those problems happened last year, oh yeah, those are still happening but those are not as often as before. There are still some issues that leasing office should address within the office to improve their services. Specially lack of professionalism as well as lack of communication. These two parts are the HUGE problem and still need improvement. Sometimes reaching out leasing office feels like you are in the DMV. It shouldn't be that hard to hear from leasing management. Also, what the hell is going on middle of night? Feel like living in an episode of love island!

Anyways, renewed my 2025-2025 leasing term. Let's see what type of drama next leasing terms going to bring us. For the future residents, if you deciding whether you should stay here or not. I would say do what you think is best for you as well as definitely consider to take a look at reviews

Hope this helps!

Peace out

Just don't do it to yourself. You will fear for your safety literally every day. As a student I expected so much more from an apartment labeled as student living, yet there are little to no students. Many of the tenants seemingly do not have jobs nor pay rent and instead party literally 24/7. I'm fairly certain this is section 8 housing. During my year long lease I had to deal with police and would see dozens of squad cars parked outside. There was a murder at the pool a couple years back and this year someone overdosed and drowned. I have been in altercations with other tenants and had my life threatened and management did not do much about it. The price is extortionate considering the living conditions of this apartment. Please listen to me if you are a student and life anywhere else. The rive, iconic in Alvarado, fifty twenty five; they are all better living situations for students. From student to student, do not do it.

I will come down and talk to management. I am currently staying with my daughter. I was told the hot water issue would be fixed for a 4th time on 7/3 and it was not. You have made it uninhabitable unless of course we want 3rd degree burns when attempting to shower.

7/5 UPDATE. As suggested below, I went to the leasing office to discuss. The leasing manager was EXTREMELY RUDE. Explaining she "didn't have time" to tell my daughter the hot water issue wasn't fixed on 7/3. Kept talking over me & never took any accountability. I finally said "so you're not the right person to talk to?" And she said yes.

The biggest issue over the last year is the lack of accountability and not being proactive when it comes to safety and quality.

When my daughter first moved in, not only did she have a package stolen, it was an on going issue management was aware of & did nothing about.

That lack of security & response of people entering the property led to a double homicide earlier this year. While they finally did something about security, their response to the mental toll & fear was for student tenants to use mental health resources offered at school.

Water issues since the beginning of the lease. Sometimes it's scorching hot & you cannot take a shower (I personally experienced) and ruined clothes you think you washed on cold.

No compensation for any of these issues.

A positive is the staff. They are all very nice and have a positive attitude. I don't think they have any authority to do anything though, but they have all been very kind.

I asked to extend the lease for 4 days. A simple no would have been sufficient (not a big deal) instead I get a long email about how they will be going into apts at 1:00pm on 7/31 and if she doesn't leave on time it's $2705 a day. Why do aggressive?

My 2 sons have lived here as soon as the complex opened. One of them is still here and has renewed for a 3rd year. There were bugs to work out and I think that they have largely done that. The issue with the 2 people being killed is more of a San Diego issue and not a UG issue in my opinion. This is a big city and there are bad things that happen. My son has a dog and they seem to be a really great spot for this. He has had good roommates.

I'm not sure there's much better at this price point and again, we haven't had much to complain about.

0 stars but Great for a tenant with low expectations. If you're used to high quality service and condos with working amenities you would be disappointed. Jacuzzi has been broken for months. Grills are always dirty not working and bad phone service all over the building.

Lisa and her staff are amazing! We signed an apartment lease and included parking for my son for his first year at SDSU. They were always very helpful and responsive. Special shout out to Ashley. She was always very patient with me when I would call in a panic with a ton of questions. Justin was also very helpful and friendly. These folks work very hard to make sure the process works smoothly. Move in day went great for us! Thanks again to all the staff here at Union Grantville... you guys ROCK!

I just signed my 3rd lease term. No other place I've toured has the value this place does.

I am a current resident of Union Grantville and I have renewed my lease. However, this place has its serious pros and cons. The cons alone are worth breaking my lease, but I have chosen to stay due to the pros.

Pros: clean new apartments, fun community, lifelong friendships, friendly staff, coffee bar, mail room, nice pool, study rooms, trolley 1 stop from campus, and pet friendly policies. They are also pretty tolerant of parties, and often residents meet and greet and party in common areas (especially around move-in)-- even though I don't do this anymore, I definitely recommend putting yourself out there at the beginning of the year cause I met some great people. The tub and Clubroom are where it's at, although due to recent events it's low-key haunted.

As this is the first year they are open, it is cheap. But next year is not!

The relationships I've made here are the main reason I'm staying. College housing can also be dingy, and this place is new.

Cons: price per bed is high (altogether your roommates pay 4k+ for a 2 or more bedroom apartment), cheap and fast construction, security footage can not be accessed without a warrent, sketchy locks, residents are NOT all college students, parking is expensive and hard to get-- if you park in the MTS lot you'll get a ticket, you park on the road you risk a break in, and you can't park at a business without getting towed. Security still hasn't tightened the reins: homeless and criminals break in OFTEN. There are drugs and human feces in the halls and around trash rooms. Equipment is constantly being broken my drunk residences. Many violent crimes have taken place in the building too. The first few I know of were between residences, and now a double homicide by our pool. Yes we residents heard it, we've asked for better security, and yes we SAW the wreckage. It was devastating. Additionally the trolley brings in lots of dazed addicts who hold up in storage units and study rooms.

I've had friends paired with terrible roommates, one of them was beaten in the head and the other was recorded with a security camera in their own room. No the building didn't evict either of them, even though the first is a convicted felon now serving time.

The staff is friendly but it's still run by Greystar. There's not a lot they can do.

Grantville is sketchy. Don't walk around at night without pepper spray and a buddy (at least until they get things together). But it has a special place in my heart. When I moved to San Diego this fall I knew no one but my sister. I now have a large community of friends that is bigger than the one in my hometown, and I met them all here. This place has an excellent sense of community.

This place fucking sucks. Don't believe any good review because you will be fooled. Currently my situation is that I work from home and the WiFi in my side of the building constantly goes out, for a week times at most. There is no urgency from staff to resolve the problem. They claim it's an electrical problem. If so get someone professional to come and fix it for good. It goes out at least once a month for multiple days at a time. The management keeps telling me someone's gonna come by and fix it for good, lies!!! Most of what all the staff tell you is a lie. This place FUCKING SUCKS

I have been living in my fair share of apartments since 2019. Union Grantville is advertised and priced for luxury living. Aimed towards helping students and their studies.
So far, my living experience here at Union Grantville has been extremely disappointing.
The lack of proper security led to the shooting and death of two individuals at a tenant's baby shower. This event alone has traumatized every resident here and we are not allowed to break our lease, even though we feel unsafe in our current living situations.
Before the shooting, doors are being propped open, allowing for any unwanted visitors to easily gain access into our "secured" building. The coffee machine is almost always broken and is never properly stocked. There are unwanted visitors constantly entering our building, leaving sperm on the floors of common areas, such as elevators and trash rooms. Homeless people constantly break in and sleep in the "secured/protected" study rooms and we even had a resident attacked in the elevator by a homeless individual. I've seen a needle on the ground from a homeless guy with some blood still in the syringe. (See photos).
I sincerely urge you to please, not send your children or recommend this complex to anyone you know!! I would not wish any of these experiences on my worst enemy. I thought that
stepping in human poop in the parking garage was the least of my worries until I was proven hilariously wrong when I saw a dead body in the staircase on my way up to my room. Either way, every day is a new day for Union Grantville to disappoint, and they follow through, weather it be from sperm in the elevators or dead bodies in the staircases.
Regardless of residents' complaints and concerns, Greystar's management couldn't care less. There is ample amount of small reasons why this place is terrible, cold water, not working so it's only hot and scalding hot for showers and bats, but nothing is being done about anything when the complaints/concerns fall on deaf ears.
Oh, and the parking. Sucks booty hole. The complex sold our spots to MTS leaving us no other option but street parking where the homeless prowl on unaccompanied women, break into cars, terrorize students. But it's okay because management gets four spots inside the locked gate of the complex, so it doesn't bother them because it doesn't affect them directly.

If you're considering signing a lease for Union Grantville, absolutely steer clear and avoid this place. I've lived in various apartments all 5 years of attending SDSU, and I have never come across worse management that genuinely does not care about you or your safety.

I had high hopes since it is a brand new apartments and it is on the trolley line, but that's just about where the pros end. They have incredibly lackluster security, and I'm sure the double homicide in the pool area is no secret, all they've done is hire security to ask for your ID at one door (meanwhile there are plenty of other entrances for people to enter), which most residents would agree is more of an inconvenience over feeling any safer.

My roommate got robbed in the apartment, and when she got the police involved, they claimed that the security footage got "deleted" and wouldn't release her from the lease.

They absolutely only care about the cash grab and will not be understanding of your situation, don't be fooled by the amenities and their fake smiles while they convince you to sign the dotted line.

If I could I would give 0 stars. Terrible customer service. I've called multiple times a week about my potential lease and application, no answers ever. They have called me but everytime I try to call back it's ignored. On top of that the communication is terrible. I received a message saying my lease would be sent to me on a thursday, latest friday. Did not get one back at all. After calling multiple times for the next few days I finally got a call back saying they couldn't send my lease agreement. I got sent a lease two weeks later for a different floor plan that was $400 more monthly. Super disappointed but I guess I know why the rent is so low compared to other places near sdsu.

The hot tub still isn't working... wow it's insane how long it takes to get a part delivered, just for the staff to say the parts didn't work...

No EV charging when they stated there would be included in the amenities, half of the time utilities are not working properly, power went out for 4 hours without explanation, hot water didn't work for half a day, homeless people walking around every parking floor even though there's gates supposedly keeping them out, homeless people living in the stairwells and storage units, security is useless - saw a video of a security guard playing beer pong, elevators don't work - someone got stuck in the elevator, watched someone get assaulted by their roommate and apartment did nothing about it, fire alarm goes off for the entire apartment for no reason twice, cops and firefighters constantly outside.

Separate but also noticeable, management informed tenants that their rent would be increased by near state limits when it comes time to renew a lease, with utilities being excluded from the cost of rent, personally my rent would increase nearly $300 with parking prices increased and utilities removed from the total cost of rent.

Overall horrible experience, can't wait to either cut my lease or live out the full year hoping that some of the listed issues improve.

So far so good. The building is new and rlly close to the trolley. Still getting used to being at a new place. There's a lot of amenities that I'd excited to use.

I love have great the staff is here. They are super fast at getting things done for you. And it always nice to see security here all the time

Great welcoming experience. The team was helpful and very informative. Top notch customer service. If you have any questions the team is here to help. This property has 24/7 security that'll let you have peace of mind.

Overall decent place but they will not tell you that the wall next to the entrance inside the parking garage isn't a parking space, there are no signs and no indication and despite most people parking there the manager will instead have your car towed rather than put up a warning sign. The MINIMUM AMOUNT to get your car out of impoundment is 340 dollars at Western towing

This apartment complex sucks I parked on the wall there's no place saying that theres no parking or we cannot park there I even read the guideline and it stated that your car only gets towed if it didn't meet certain conditions which my car wasn't a issue no where said I wasn't allowed to park also knowing that there are students and young adults living here you should know 365$ to get your car out is a lot of unnecessary money for no reason when there was no email sent saying you cant park there and also there should've at least been a warning stating if you don't move your car it will be towed I just woke up in the morning to see my car being towed is poor on this apartment complex. i will Be looking more into this and if I can sue I will because that's inconsiderate on the apartment complex and they aren't even following their own guideline.

I don't recommend finding housing here. I am a working student and having paying rent on my own, I found this place because I was desperate in finding housing that fit my budget. Granted, I got so lucky with the roommates I was assigned, but that was the only positive. The parking situation was not great. There is not enough resident parking spaces, so not only was I on a waitlist, I never was able to get resident parking the whole duration I stayed at Union Grantville. I was told (by the security and by a management representative) that I was allowed to park in the trolley parking as I did take the trolley to school, but oddly enough there was a time where security was kicking everyone out of the trolley parking. Overall, my parking situation was horrendous as every single day It wasn't guaranteed that I would have parking, further risking the safety of myself and my vehicle.

Additionally, regarding the unfortunate event that occurred a couple months ago, leading to two death's at a tenant's baby shower was devastating and frightening overall. Myself, my roommates, and I am confident that majority of the residents at Union Grantville, especially those who were able to hear or even see what was going on when the horrific event occurred were left traumatized and left us all questioning our safety moving forward on the premises. The lack of proper security and regulation of who comes in and out of the building further leads me to not recommend this place for housing.

Overall, yes it is affordable housing especially for students, but at what cost?

First of all, most of the five star ratings were published BEFORE the building WAS EVEN BUILT. Also as residents we received some sort of points for writing a review before we even moved in so don't believe anything written past 3 months ago(this is being written on 10/17/23)

My experience with Union Grantville has been beyond frustrating upon my first 3 months of living on their property. First of all the "security" or lack there of, is one person only on site for minimal hours during the late night and early morning and has been seen drinking with residents on the clock not doing their job. This may be okay in some areas of living, but because the apartments are quite literally connected to the Granville trolly stop there are countless homeless people constantly trying to get into the building and are inside the parking lot and our surrounding property area.

Just in this past month there were multiple instances of homeless people getting into the building and harassing countless residents. In my personal experience, there was a crazy man yelling in the lobby one day who clearly was hostile. When I went up to talk to one of the workers who I later figured out was the manager, she acted like I wasn't even there and said that the situation would just solve itself. When my girlfriend when down to talk to the workers about how she was being harassed by this man when walking into the building the manager, who seems like they can't be older than 25, locked herself in her see-through glass office to call the cops leaving my girlfriend and one of the front desk workers alone with this insane individual.

Just this week there was found to be a homeless man living in the gated storage lockers in the basement of the Union building. These storage units are locked by the fobs to our building so the only way the homes individual could have gotten in was negligence from the security surrounding the area. When I went to report that there was still a bunch of clothing scattered across the gated lockers floor, the girl at the front desk responded very rudely with "well we all live here so it's a threat to all of us" and proceeded to place the blame on the manager who is never at the building. It is understandable that is would be an issue for the building but it does not seem that anyone who works in the building is capable of standing up for certain unsafe situations.

If you are in student looking for a safe place to live Union Grantville is NOT the place. Three paragraphs doesn't even begin to cover the other horror stories I've heard from other residents in their first three months of living here. Most of the workers are also students who live here so when it comes to situations where major responsibility is needed to solve a problem they seem like they never know what to do. I believe they should probably hire some new people to work at this apartment for the residents to feel safe and like things are under control or Unless they up their security by ten fold and install better security measures in place I cannot recommend Union grantville to anyone who wants to feel safe in their own home.

Do not rent here, especially if you are a student. They do not have adequate security, no parking spots unless you were one of the FEW who signed up first, they don't even have guest parking. Literal dog crap down the center of my hallway, homeless people (some clearly on drugs) downstairs who even got inside more than once in the common areas. There was supposed to be a coffee bar area, nope, nothing. I have photos from parents weekend, with doors propped open with orange cones and no one around. Not secure at all. It is dangerous, not a safe place. Also, the staff does not help at all with any issues, just brushes you off to get you off the line. I left messages with management and even property manangement, no one gets back to me. They are zero help every time I call or ask a question. They have not been trained properly. Very frustrated with this place. Unprofessional staff, funny how they want me to call the number below but when I call, they "Can't take my call right now". Nor do they call me back. What a joke. Also, trust me I have called! The manager Amber doesn't take my calls or return them either. It's sad that it takes a public review to get some attention around UG.

Great place for my daughter who is starting college! Very close to SDSU. Trolley is next door. Furnished nicely. Gym and pool. Justin is great! Very clean thank you for helping this Dad relax!

What a beautiful experience it was for me and my family at Union Grantville. The amazing welcome and hospitality was unmatched. Justin and his whole team are always welcoming and attendant to detail with anything the property needs. I highly recommend anyone looking to lease a unit at Union Grantville. Not only are the amenities top tier, but any of the needs from residents are heard and listened to by management, specifically by Justin. So proud to call this community a home .

If you're looking for a place where safety isn't considered and it's impossible to break your lease; this isn't the place for you. It seems like they care more about making money than keeping residents safe and happy. My sister's experience proves this - they didn't tell her the truth about the shooting, and they didn't care about her safety worries. Instead of fixing things, they just told her to find someone else to take over her lease. But who would want to live here with all the problems - like lots of homeless people, trash everywhere, and worrying your place might be the next target? It's best to stay away from this place altogether.

Finding decent living quarters when you're in college can be incredibly stressful! But the staff at Union Grantville helped make the transition easier and definitely helped put my mind at ease so I could focus on my education. Especially Justin Blackman who helped take all the stress out of the move in process. The property is absolutely gorgeous (even for San Diego) and you truly feel at home. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!

Visually this place is nice - it has a modern style, good vending machines and this place is huge with many amenities that still work because this place is like barely a year old.
I like that there is refillable water stations, multiple bathrooms, multiple study rooms, a pet spa, free printing for residents and the trolley station is so convenient - literally five minutes away from campus and one stop. It is also very community based.
I'd honestly stay here BUT this place is mad expensive for college students and for the area it is in. The building is obviously rushed with uneven floor panels and crappy paint. The trash rooms suck - garbage shoot breaks every other day. The wifi can be unreliable, the trolley (which its cool that it is so accessible) is loud and the freeway is even louder. Better hope you don't get a room facing the station because all those folk will be seeing you through the windows.
The mail room is nice but LuxerOne is kind of unreliable and there is a chance they won't email you when your package is delivered. There is always like some sort of bodily fluid like anywhere. They do clean everyday but like who is consistently jizzing and pooping in the elevator?
I think the biggest issue is the security of this place. They did install new security measures with more guards but the location of this place warrantated that from the start. People had constantly been telling management about homeless people coming into the apartment and sleeping in study rooms or couches, using the amenities and hanging around the trolley stop. The area just sucks - the trolley brings more tweakers and there is already like a tweaker camp nearby. Did it really take a shooting and lives lost to just improve security? Yeah it really did!

Aside from the poor (very obviously rushed) construction, the overpriced rooms, the outrageous parking spot fee, the lack of safe parking around the area, the carelessness of security, the amount of homeless and sketchy people making their way into the building, the stolen packages, the occasional blood and vomit spotting, the occasional needle found laying around the building, the extremely sensitive fire alarms that could go off at any time (sometimes at 2am) for no reason, the slow Wi-Fi, the parking gates that are constantly broken, this place is fine. The maintenance people are nice. Management is nice face-to-face but they rarely take action when you have an actual problem.

Looking for a way to get my son out of here. Shooting just steps from his apartment. Blood all over the floor THE NEXT DAY that had not been cleaned up. A college student should not have to hide in his bathroom and call 911. People who don't live there are allowed to use amenities. Partying in the clubhouse by non-residents is where the altercation that led to the shooting started. Multiple complaints to the front desk by my son about the upstairs neighbor partying until 3 AM, dog urine dripping off of the upstairs balcony down to my son's patio, joint buts, and alcohol bottles being thrown down...If you are a parent of a college student FIND A DIFFERENT PLACE!!! If anyone is aware of a class action being started, I'd love to know more details.

The staff here is incredibly friendly and easy to get ahold of. Justin, Shamar and Lisa are wonderful, they are super responsive and the building is beautiful and clean.

READ BEFORE SIGNING A LEASE AGREEMENT!!:
To make a long story short... this place has been nothing short of a nightmare... terrible management team (aggressive, rude, and condescending) which starts immediately after signing a lease agreement, a complete lack of safety (example: the garage which is supposed be secured by a barcode given to residents who pay for parking is actually just a facade and the gate is triggered by weight), empty promises, and greed seeping out of the "luxurious" exterior. There have been many instances of power outages and blaring fire alarms at 2 and 3 am. Since the entire place is "secured" through the use of key fobs, power outages lock residents outside with no way in until the early hours of the morning. The thing that is especially frustrating is that management were informed of the power outage in advance, but failed to inform the thousands of residents that they would be left stranded out in an unsafe area from 10pm-3am (negligence of their only job???). I would 100% recommend looking into other, more affordable options then being utterly scammed by Union Grantville. Higher management if you are reading this, I HIGHLY recommend hiring a new crew of competent staff which have pure and kind intentions if you want to keep this place from becoming even more of a shit show. The icing on the cake is that they are INCREASING the rent prices along with parking ($175 a month!) AND are taking away many amenities that lured me into signing a lease in the first place, including utilities and an MTS trolly pass. I am utterly dumbfounded by my experience here thus far and it has only been 2 and a half months. Can't wait to move out in July... counting down the days.
FYI: I have waited a long time before leaving a review because I wanted to give this place the benefit of the doubt, but after seeing so many other people share similar concerns and experiences, I wanted to warn anyone being brainwashed by the luxury aesthetic to NOT sign a lease here.
-John Doe

The apartment would not release me off of my lease even though they breached my trust of feeling safe in the apartment, causing me to face PTSD. An incident happened in the apartment where we had to call security and on call staff told us that they could not send security since they were scared for the security's safety so we ended up waiting for the cops to come. After the incident, I didn't feel safe and talked to the leasing office to just let me out of my lease, but they just gave a bad look and said to sue if I wanted to. The place is a good place to live in, but safety and management are very questionable.

I highly do not recommend renting or living at Union Grantville or working with Greystar. There have been so many dangerous complications that have occurred within this apartment complex. Being right next to the trolley station, you would expect constant security to ensure residents are safe coming in and out. Security has been barely present during the day and night, as a guard once did drugs with residents while working. There has been homeless entering and sleeping in the common areas, study rooms, and stairs. There has been vomit, human poop, used contraceptives with semen, needles and blood left throughout the apartment. On March 2nd, there was a shooting that occurred in the pool area, resulting in two people being killed. Management was absent and closed their office for two days after the crime scene. The whole crime scene was not blocked off, as any residents could approach and see the different traumatizing parts of the scene. Management is kind, but they do not take any actions to make necessary changes. Packages have been stolen and broken into, and management refuses to go through camera tapes and aid in helping with these situations. There have been residents assaulted here, and Union does nothing to get rid of the dangerous residents. One early morning at 5:15 AM, I was waiting for my Uber to arrive at Union to drive me to the airport. I was waiting in the lobby before my ride, and the door that enters into the lobby area had a bottle propping it open. Who knows how long the bottle had been propped there, as this would allow anyone to walk inside Union. There is simply no efficient amount of security steps/properties placed throughout the apartment, making it easy for non-residents to enter. It is truly unfortunate that there has been no cares given towards providing protection, respect and safety for residents paying an expensive amount of money to live here. Please consider living at any other student housing apartments/student housing before committing to Union Grantville.

Genuinely a terrible place to live. The staff doesn't care about the residents at all. I have had multiple experiences being harassed by homeless people both outside and inside the building. They refuse to allow us to break lease even though our safety is at risk and we are all collectively traumatized. This building is unsafe and I do not recommend it to anybody.

I am beyond disgusted with Union Grantville. One of the very first residents to sign a lease. They target college students with the false promise of safety. No security or if they had security they were partying with the residents or sleeping and have documentation of this. Garage safety gate broken all the time.
Homeless allowed to sleep in study rooms and able to walk freely around apartment complex. Had complained several times of concerns of safety and being told by apartment employees that there was nothing they could do. Then last week a shooting where 2 people are killed. When my parents came the next morning there was no staff. No security. Homeless walking around. Safety gate not working. Apartment office is closed so can't even go in and talk to them. When tried to voice concerns was told by apartment manager that the media was lying and that the suspects were residents. Which is even more terrifying. Request to get out of lease due to safety concerns and the manager was rude and refused. Had 2 roommates that had to be removed due to threats and the apartment staff knew that they were issues and never let the other tenants know to see if they wanted to stay. That choice was taken away. The murder is the final straw. It hasn't even been opened a year.
Disgusting. Not safe. They don't care about their residents. Now they claim they care and have security. This was promised all along.
They should allow residents to leave if they are afraid. Have moved out back home which is almost 3 hours and paying rent on a place that I am terrified to be at. Stay far away. Maybe someone should contact the media and let them really see how unsafe this place is. For the police to tell us that this place isn't safe and that he would get out and would never let his college children to stay there Terrible. Terrible. Terrible

DO NOT RENT HERE!!! I cannot stress that enough. It is vastly overpriced, with much cheaper and much safer living options near SDSU. There are SWAT and police teams swarming the building at least twice a month due to vagrant attacks, human trafficking attempts, homicides, and suicides occurring within the building. Parking costs $185 PER MONTH, there is no lease termination policy even when a double homicide occurs inside the building. I was asked by the manager to voice my concerns in a meeting and when I did, he immediately raised his voice at me shouting "security is not my department's concern! Any other questions?!". I have been attacked twice, once inside one of the study rooms, with my car being broken into several times INSIDE the "secure" parking garage. I do not feel safe in my own apartment, and it is clear Greystar only cares about their profit. The management team has ignored my last seven emails requesting the hot water to be fixed. It is clear that the management team does not care about the residents, putting on a friendly facade when trying to sell their units, and becoming extremely hostile towards residents once the lease is signed. The utilities are in constant repair, and the managers do not let residents know when they will make repairs, entering your apartment with no notice or permission. Union Grantville may seem like your only option for housing, but there are much safer and cheaper options with actual organized management teams closer to SDSU.

Where to begin... First off I attended a grand opening at the temporary leasing office and it was fabulous! The staff was all so informative and friendly. Especially Shamar, the leasing manager. She answered all my questions (which was a lot) with a swiftness and took the time to walk me through a model unit set up for viewing. She gave me her card and even reached out after the fact. It's a team like that, that makes you feel good when picking somewhere to live. Thankyou Union Grantville & Thankyou Shamar!

If I could give this place zero stars I absolutely would. They've only been open since August of 2023 and it has been nothing but problem after problem. They don't care to communicate with residents when there are planned power outages or any type of construction going on that could also disrupt our living situation like not having hot water for hours. Not to mention garbage shoots also not working and have mountains of trash piling up because the building doesn't find anyone to fix it. They also don't care about the safety or wellbeing of their residents because the elevators are constantly broken and the gate to the parking garages also malfunction letting any random person from the street have access to our vehicles, some of which have already been broken into. Since they already have problems with elevators and gates, there's also an issue of the sensors for doors not working because you need a key fob to get in. Either the sensors don't let residents with key fobs in or, like stated previously, anyone can walk in. That's exactly what happened on March 1 at 9pm. How do you expect residents to feel safe when a gang of people can simply walk in with guns? For our entire apartment complex there's only one security guard. How is a person supposed to do their job properly when 1) they are literally only one person and 2) the building doesn't even keep up the security measures it's supposed to therefore making their job more difficult? There is an obvious disregard for safety and it feels like they try to make everything better by having raffles or game nights for residents. Although building a community is important, do you think a hydro-flask is going to make this better? We don't care about raffles or prizes we care about being able to be safe in our own home. Especially a place we all pay too much money for not to feel safe. Even after the incident on March 1 there is still a disregard for safety because the parking garage was wide open allowing anyone and everyone in. I've lived in other off-campus apartments surrounding SDSU and this is by far the worst experience. On top of doing a terrible job managing the apartment they have the audacity to raise rent for the next leasing term. I advise anyone to please don't sign a lease here, don't renew, don't even come and tour because it's not worth your time or money.